## Thursday, April 23 

Went to work had lunch at a new restaurant called India portal with the work crew. I had a coffee drink of which the name I of course cannot remember, but it was definitely made with cardamom, which is one of possibly the best spices in all the world and anybody who knows me knows that my family makes something called cardamom bread which when you taste it, you may not be inclined to exclaim that "this is the best [expletive] bread you've ever had in your life!". at least that was how one person described it when he was first handed a fresh warm loaf of cardamom bread by my mother.

Anyway, back at the restaurant, I also ordered a braised lamb shank, which came with two kinds of rice, which, for some reason, I gladly accepted, even though I've been getting a little tired of eating rice because many of the things I've eaten come with rice or are even dominated by rice. This dish was no exception because the piles of rice dwarfed the single lamb shank on the plate and try as I might I could not finish neither of the white rice nor the biryani rice. It was however excellent tasting, especially the lamb shank, which was tender and came with a dark Rich sauce that granted did match and compliment. The rice very well.

Later on this night, I meet up with my new friend to go on a Kuala Lumpur night bus tour. It's the same bus that normally runs during the day for the hop on hop off city tours but instead is a somewhere around 2 Hour Dr. where you get to see many of the highlights of the city, but at night, including getting off at two stops to be able to walk around and take pictures.

About 20 minutes before the bus is supposed to arrive to pick us up, there is a tremendously loud crack that peels across the sky, which could only mean one thing… Thunder and rain is coming. We are not disappointed in as much as the ferocity of the rain that shortly followed that first crack of thunder and lightning soon it was pouring down in torrential sheets of rain that turned the road into a river everybody who was waiting for the bus coward underneath and overhang each of us together, braving going out into the torrent to take a quick video to post to the socials. not even torrential rain can stop us from posting to the socials. In fact, some may say that is the best time to do it. 

The bus arrives and my friend and I are able to get a seat on the inside of the bus because it is still raining but soon the rain stops so we migrate to the top open section where we grab a seat which yes is slightly wet from the rain, but we don't care . We wipe it as best as we can with our hands and then sit down to enjoy the ride. 

The bus itself goes past many of the Kuala Lumpur landmarks like the KL Tower, Petronas Towers, KLCC, a temple of which I am currently completely forgetting the name of but hopefully will be in the pictures that I will post alongside this so that both the experience will be documented, and it will hopefully remind me of what it was called.

After the bus tour, we spend some time walking around Central KL and find ourselves in the middle of live music, two different bands, actually playing at intersections their music and drums, drifting across the roads, bouncing off the buildings and enticing us to walk further into the crowd to investigate . We also find a Shawarma place in order Shawarma fries and a soda for Takeaway. Yes, you heard me right we don't say to go here we say take away. 

Later on that night back in my apartment or actually the next day around 2 AM I decide that since I have no plans for this weekend and it is currently Friday I had better make some. This was also instigated by some texts from family and friends at home who very strongly suggested that I should go to Singapore for the weekend so I did I booked a flight and a hotel at two in the morning Friday and then went to sleep for a few hours before getting ready for work. 