## Saturday, May 16

- Slept in and had breakfast at the hotel buffet again.
- Go to Hanoi train station to drop off our bags in a locker while we explore the city a bit more.
- Then off to Kong coffee house for another Vietnamese Coconut coffee.
- Walking arounf, exploring, towards the old train station
- St. Joseph's Cathedral
    Large neo-Gothic Catholic cathedral built by the French in the late 1800s during the colonial era.
    One of the oldest churches in Vietnam and a major landmark in the center of Hanoi.
    Its tall twin bell towers rise unexpectedly above the tangled streets and shopfronts of the Old Quarter.
    Inspired by Notre-Dame de Paris, with arched windows, ribbed vaults, stained glass, and weathered stone facades.
    The exterior looks dark, aged, and slightly worn — streaked by humidity, rain, pollution, and decades of tropical weather
- Find "Orient Spa" and decide to go in for massages since it is starting to rain, and because why not?
- I sign up for the Thai massage and over-confidently check the "hard" box that tells the massuse how much to pull and stretch you.  It is actually quite painful in a lot of parts.
- Afterwards we go to "train street", another "must do" in Hanoi.  We find a seat at a small cafe / restaurant, right on the tracks, and eat and drink while two trains go by close enough to touch.
- I try to order more noodles for my Pho soup, trying to use the trick I had learned in Tokyo to get noodle refills for ramen.  The waitress has no idea what we are asking for.  "Just noodles, please".  "Another of this one" she asks pointing at my current Pho bowl.  "No, just plain noodles".  She brings over another waitress to interpret the order.  We go through the same thing and she leaves, apparently satisfied that she understands what we want.
- What arrrives is another whole bowl of Pho broth and noodles.  Close enough, I eat everything including the two bowls of broth.
- Go back to actual train station where we learn that our VIP room does not actually have showers that we had planned on using before getting on the overnight train.
- Next to the train station is a hotel call "The Mango".  We go there and book a room for three hours -- apparently we are not the only ones who do this because the front desk clerk knew exactly what we wanted without needing much explanation.
- We shower, and go back to the train station VIP room smelling of soap instead of sweat.
- I order some gin martinis that are expensive.  Later on in the trip I will look at my credit card statement and see that they charged me $130 US for two martinis and two non-alcohol drinks.  The only thing we can think is that they accidently charged my 300% fee for using a card instead of 3%...who knows.
- We board the train and are shown to our cabin which has four single beds, two on the bottom and two that swing down from the top.
- We have some complimentary drinks, and try some of the snacks we brought, deciding that each one of them is gross.
- The cheddar potato chips were good though, and tought us our favorite new Vietnamese phrase "Vi Pho Mai!" which stands for "cheese flavored", we are pretty sure.  So now everything is "Vi Pho Mai" and sends us into fits of laughter.
- We play a couple games of the Monopoloy Deal card game and then go to sleep.
- I was hoping that the train sleep would be like the last time I slept on a train, many years ago as a child on the San Fransico to Seattle sleeper train.  It is not.  There is some piece of mechanical hardware under us that groans and makes loud CLUNK CLUNK CLUNK noises every time the train goes around a corner, which there are lots of. Apparently whatever that was needed grease. 