## Friday, April 3

The light come up, the shades go up.  There is water down there.  It looks like any other ocean view from 30,000 feet, but I know it's not.  This is JAPAN ocean!

I chose to fly into Narita intentionally so that I could take a train into Tokyo.  I'd heard that it was a great small train ride.

- make my way to the train, towing my broken roller bag behind me.  Oh, did I mention my carry-on suitcase two front wheels decided to self-destruct back in the Austin airport?  Trying to pull it "the normal way" now only results in an annoying THUMP THUMP as the broken wheel treads try to do their thing.  Imagine the audacity of my trusty carry on choosing this moment to exit the world, on the dawn of a two month trip!

- I find the signs pointing to the trains.  They are also in English after all, what a privildge we Americans entertain to be catered to in so many countries!

- I get lost, and backtrack to the trust "informtion booth", where a Japanese man explains in perfect English that I need to go to the office with the big "JR" (Japan Rail) sign over it.

- Go there, talk to another very nice, polite woman (staring to see a theme here), who sells me a ticket on the next NRT Express, a nearly-direct train that goes to Shinjuku station -- my next stop.

- train, as expected, arrives on time. Who was it that said "keep the trains running on time?" Someone said that once, and it's true.

- train is also very clean, and quiet.  
- I spend the time looking out the window, through the haze of jetlag and general travel tiredness, but magnified by those many thousands of miles I just travelled.

I am deposited into Shinjuku station with my broken rollerbag complaining, and my Google Maps GPS loaded.  Only 1.5k to the hotel.  This will be a snap! 

The GPS is being weird.  I am walking one way, but the "magic blue arrow" points 90 degrees to the right!  I feel like a pilot on the "air crash investigations" videos that I watch.  Trust your instruments! I'm trying to...but something is clearly wrong here.  

I decide to figure that part out later, for now I'll just watch which way it moves on the map to figure out which way I'm going.  But it is an...unfortunate...complication to someone like me trying to navigate this new city.  

- Tokyo unfolds un front of me with masses of people, "Company Men" in identical black and white suits like something out of the Matrix.

- It's also Friday for them, and 4PM.  Time to party I presume.

- Even though I've figured out how to get my rollerbag to run on its remaining two good wheels, I sometimes carry it by the handle because the noise it makes I find annoying and I assume the Japanese people around me do as well.  Even though the city is loud, and I do see other people doing the same thing.  There's that voice in the back of my head going "Be a good ambasador".  But then again, I do this in normal life as it is, I will always make the assumption that I am somehow probably the one in the wrong, the one annoying other people, when in reality I am probably not on their radar at all.

- After staircases, street crossings, a tunnel I think, maybe a climb up an ice wall?  I can't remember.  I finally find the Hotel Gracery, the one with a big Godzilla on top.  That's me.  My home for the next two nights.

- Check in, get key, get escorted to correct elevator by charming front desk woman who smiles, hands me my key card with both hands.

- I mangle my first of many attempts to say "Arigato Gozaimas", but she seems to appreciate it.  I'm sure she has heard worse, or even non-existant attempts to say that by clueless Americans like me who show up with zero local language skills. Like the mid-western lady ordering "kay suh dill uhs" in a mexian restaurant.

- The room is tiny, but not unexpectedly so.  Hotel rooms in Japan are small. Land is expensive and cities like Tokyo are very dense, so hotels maximize the number of rooms they can fit. They’re also designed around short business stays, where travelers just need a bed and shower, not extra space - and this perfectly describes me, Mr "I'm here for two nights and then on a plane again". On top of that, Japanese design prioritizes efficiency and compact living, so smaller rooms are intentional, not a compromise.

- My first goal is a shower, and the shower is a mystry to me at first.  There is a tub and a shower head wand on a hose, but the hose is over by the sink.  On the floor is a bowl and a small stool, with a conspicuously ass-shaped curve to it.  I am too tired at the moment to figure things out, so I shower standing in the tub with the wand in my hand. Relishing the hot water as it washed away airport, airplane, train, and overall grime.

- My brain cries out for sleep.  The poor thing thinks it is 4am when it is really 5pm, or something like that, here.  My notes are about as clear as my head was at this point. I deny the brain the sleep it wants, something it is used to and in fact sometimes inflicts upon me sometimes when *I* want to sleep and instead it decides to be awake.  Revenge is mine!

- I step out into a dark sky and the neon brightness of Shinjuku at night.

- I wander around for a while, like a drunken sailor whoose only spirit drank is lack of sleep.

- There's a place on my list.  And it is on my Google Map which I have also figured out how to fix the blue arrow.  I'm starting to feel like an expert or something. The place is Ichiran Ramen, and it is right down the road.  

- The line is long.  Not disney long, but it still disappears around some corner in the stairwell that leads down, I presume, to the main entrance.  Myself and 30 or so other people slowly make out way into the mine shaft-looking stairwell where the promise of hot ramen awaits.

- I'm in finally.  Here you order the basics of what you want at an electronic kiosk: Ramen, a beer. Then you are given a piece of paper where you refine your order: Noodles, soft.  Broth, medium. Spice level: White. That kind of thing.  They even have "suggested" settings on the paper indicated by a light oval dotted line.  "Circle me" it says, "And get to it"

- I am seated, it's one of those places where you sit in a row, each person with their own spot, ramen cubicles.  Or like driving ranges that have dividers.  And soon my ramen arrives. I've never had "real" ramen before,  My experience is limited to instant packets, or a version I make if it myself at home from plain noodles, with whatever I have on hand added to it.  What I mean is that I don't have much to compare it to, but it sure was good.  The noodles were perhaps the most interesting part for me, they had more flavor than I was expecting.  And bite.  I suppose it's from the type of flour they use, or that they are fresh made.  Whatever it was I took the adice of many of the YouTube videos I watched as research for, and in antcipation of, this trip.  I ordered a noodle refill.  Another slip of paper, more circles around noodle settings, and two 200 yen coins.  The door opens, paper and coins disappear, two more smaller coins appear as change, ans soon I am adding more fresh noodles to my remaining broth.  I could get used to this. I wish I had ordered "soft" noodles for the reful insted of medium, this is how I make it at home and I wish I'd thought to do that here.  I was perhaps a little but flustered.

Unfortunately all good things come to an end, and this meal must too.  I leave.  The staff says goodbye and thank you to me, I'm pretty sure.  I butcher the thank you again.  He doesn't flinch.  Like the hotel receptionist, he's seen it all before.

Back in the hotel I take advantage of the "Ass-shaped seat stool" to wash my feet of.  I see the logic in it now.  Tomorrow I will try using this the way it was meant to be, sit here and wash.  But for now sleep is calling out to me stronger than ever before.

Clean feet and a full stomach, I crawl into the small bed and close my eyes.  Sleep arrives instantly.