## Monday, April 27

The journal days from this day to the 7th of May are a little different. I had stopped journaling in my paper notebook during this time, but it's for a very good reason.  The "new friend" who I alluded to in earlier entries -- we starting hanging out and going to places every night after work more and more. She became more than just "a friend".  I found myself with neither the time, nor the real desire to write things down in a notebook. I rather wanted to spend as much time as possible with her.

Anyway.  As they say.  On with the show.

It is Monday, my first day back from Singapore.  I work, of course. I'm sure there was a breakfast, but I don't remember what it was.  Or perhaps I was too tired for that and instead got a latte and Grab to work?

After work though, we go to a park nearby. It's a nice park with wide curved pathways perfect for walking slow, talking, and making up stories. 

It is sunset, and we take turns finding more sunset pictures to take, while also asking each other questions about each other.

After meeting a cat we made up a cute story about two people who get locked into the park because they lost track of time and the gates are closed:

    Title: The Magic Tree in the Park:

    After finding the gates closed and being unabel to leave, the couple finds a tree and crawl under it for shelter as the sun goes down.  But then they hear a noise, startled and scared at first, they soon see it is the cat they had met earlier.  They are not frightened any more but are soon startled when the cat speaks to them!

    "Thank you for the pets earlier! They were magnificent!" the cat says.

    Still too startled to talk the couple stares at the cat in disbelief.  Then another animal arrives.  A squirrel! And this one talks too!

    "Oh cat! Leave those two alone!" the squirrel says.

    "I am not bothering them, I was thanking them!" cat replies.

    No longer scared the couple talks with the animals all night long.  An owl, a tiny ant, a moth who flutters by and stays a while to talk, before flying away again.

    The sun rises, and the couple who had fallen asleep sometime late into the night wake up to the cat and squirrel are sleeping next to them.  The cat softly purring even as he sleeps.  Soon they awake too.

    All say goodbye, but the couple promise to return again.  And they do.  They return many nights, for many years.  Later they bring their kids to meet the animals in the park.  Cat is old now, his hair slightly grey, but he introduces his wife and kittens as well.

    The magic tree still stands in the park. And if you are patient enough, and kind enough, maybe you can get a cat to talk to you too.


Afterwards we went to a mall...I think it was IOI?

We "find" a music store.  I was pretty sure there was one in here, because I had looked it up on Google Maps, so I wanted to find it, and we did.  A Yamaha store selling their guitars and pianos.  I play a couple songs on the guitar, forgetting the words for one of the verses completely (as is tradition for someone who maybe has not practiced in quite a while), and I also play a piano song that are my "standard chords to play when I first sit down at a piano".  Every musician has these warm up routines I think, I am certainly no exception.

- There was also bowling.  I hadn't been bowling in quite a while, and I had forgotten how much fun it is, once I admit to myself that I am not very good at it! We originally planned on playing a single game, but it turned into two.  By this time we had each won one game, so obviously we needed a tie breaker.  This one I won, but by a very narrow margin.  We agree that it was probably closer to a tie.