## Saturday, April 25 

Stumbled out of my hotel room at The Sultan early with my backpack. Filled up with water and my camera and search of food. After wondering around a while and not finding much open. I came up on a place called Ya Kun Kaya Toast. The seats outside were full. And there was a line leading in to the place where you ordered. And in my book. That is always a good sign so I decided to join everybody else in line. Also, I had heard that this toast box breakfast was something I needed to partake in. 
Ordering was a little clumsy at first, from any reasons, language, barriers, my unfamiliarity with the process, and the somewhat expected unorganized nature of a busy breakfast restaurant. After looking over the menu, I decided on what seemed like the default, most popular order of toast with an egg and coffee. 

One thing. I was surprised that was that they did not ask me how I wanted. My eggs cooked so true traveler fashion. In the example of those before me. In the adventure of food I decided I'll just see what shows up.

What showed up not quite what I expected.  The egg appeared to be a "barely boiled egg"? There was very little solid white, it was soupy.

But again, who am I to judge?  I took the small spoon from the tray and slurped up some of this egg slop.  Not....exactly my cup of tea.

I try the toast.  This is much more to my liking.  Esentially four triangles of french toast.  It came with some sort of brown sauce.  Not knowing what it was I jam a piece of the toast in to it, pick up a good blob of this brown stuff, and put the combo in my mouth.  I am plesantly surprised that is is sweet and sugary.  I was half prepared for it to be fish-flavored.  

My eye revert back to the eggs.  The look at me, waterilly, if that is a word.  They dare me to eat more.  I do.  I eat it all.  Because I want to be a "Traveller"! 

Next week, back in KL I will tell this story to a coworker. When I tell her I had Box Toast she smiles and asks, "Did you eat the egg?".  I proudly tell her, "Yes! I ate the whole thing with the little spoon!".  She will laugh and tell me, "You are supposed to dip the toast into the egg."  Ohhhhhhh, yeah, that makes way more sense. I felt like Randy Marsh from Southpark.

Afterwards I went back to the hotel to regroup, and when I left the hotel a hop-on hop-off bus was just pulling up.  Kismet? I think so.  I buy a ticket and get on.

I plug in my little red headphone set into the jack on the side of the bus and listen to the history of these streets as we drive by.

Looking at the map I see an upcoing stop is Marina Boulavard.  Mandatory stop just based on the name.

Another case if kismet as, while wanding around, I come upon the "Merlion" -- a famous sight to see in Singapore.  Checkbox checked!

I go to get my Nikon camera out of my bag and is is HOT! Like it has been sitting in the summer sun for an hour.  I realize that I left it on, in video mode, and that it has been recording for quite a long time while stuffed inside a bag with no way to dissapate heat.  The battery is nearly dead.  I panic for a moment wondering where the spare was until I remember that, like a good photographer, I brought it with me instead of leaving it back at the hotel!  Crisis averted.  The adventure may continue.

I wander around the water's edge more.  I find a large grass park by the water, but this is fresh water and I know I am close to salt water, I wnt to try to find it. I move on.

Along the way I find a bike stand.  On one side are the new batery-powered rental bikes.  On the other side are old bikes.  Maybe even forgotten.  Rusty, but still in working order.  I pause and image a photograph, or some sort of artwork, trying to depic this relationship.  Old and new.  

Further around this waterfront I get to the main Marina Bay Waterfront Promenade.  I enter the doors of a shopping mall and feel the sweet breath of cold air conditiong waft over me.

I see a coffee shop called "Ralph's" and decide that sounds good.  I order one and sit down in the "outside" seating so I can people-watch as people go about their day in this mall.

An older couple sits down next to me.  I pretend to write in my journal but I am really listening to them:

The older woman takes a sip of her coffee and exlaims, "Oh! That's a mighty fine cup of coffee!"

The man agrees, and says "This is lovely."

"So much better than walking around in the heat." she says in return.

The man pauses, "Not being rushed."

I love this little exchange.  I am imagining them as being on a "singles" tour.  They seemed to not be very familiar with each other.  Maybe the tour was supposed to go see the entire city in one day and they met, decided they maybe didn't want to do the tour after all, and bailed.  

I look at the clock and realie it is already 2PM!  This day is flying by and Im sitting here sitting coffee. I'm the one who needs to be rushing! But I am in that same spot the older couple was in, I am loving this air conditioning.  Too bad - let's go!

I leave the mall, head down some stairs, and find myself along a river promenade, but with funny gates set up.  I think maybe the are to keep bikes away from people? Not sure.

I walk more and finally find one of the things I've been looking to see: Gardens by the Bay.

I buy a ticket for both the Flower Dome and the Cloud Dome, which it says includes "Jurrasic Park".

Inside the Flower Dome you are led through a series of exhibits separated by geography, a common botabical garden tactic.  A girl walks by with her significant other, "It smells so nice in here.", she says softly.  Yes, I agree.  Hundreds of different varieties of flowers all blooming at the same time! It reminds me of my grandmother's old greenhouse that always smelled similar.  A combination of fertilizer and flowers.

One especially nice exhibit was the tulips that were on display in center stage. Red, pink, yellow, multi-color.  And fragrent.

After going around a loop and up and down some ramps, you are deposited at the exit.  And upon exiting you are conviently enough also right in front of the entrance to the next area, the Cloud Dome!

Inside the cloud dome there is a spiral path that leads you up a central tower of ferms and vines.  And along the way are animitronic dinosaurs, including T-Rex and Raptors!  It is really well done, the path is wide enough that don't feel rushed, which also means it is wide enough that you can get past people who are in less of a rush than you.

I leave the Cloud Dome and wander outside some more, I find myself in the supertree garden.

Although it looks cool, I decide not to pay to go up into one of the super trees. I'm getting a little vacation out. If you can say by having to pay for everything I do everywhere I go.

And any case I need to find my hop on hop off. Bus stop. It's somewhere around here. I've been looking at my map and looking at the stuff around me. And I swear it's gotta be close. I'm in Gardens in the bay and that is where the cartoon map shows a yellow stop.

Instead, I find myself climbing a set of stairs to some sort of bridge that goes across a piece of water, river or pond. I cannot tell but it is leading me towards the marina Bay Sands in Singapore. That is certainly a checkbox that most people need. You've likely seen photos of it. Two towers, side-by-side with it. Looks like a futuristic space canoe on top much like the rest of Singapore architecture. There are trees visible on top. Nature, it seems, is important to the people of Singapore. I suppose that makes sense when you're entire country is essentially one giant city.

I find an elevator that only goes down so I get in down one level and out. I see the doors the enter into the main hotel lobby. You can tell this is a high price hotel. As soon as you walk in. It's the kind where the floors are made of tile and polished so smooth that they look like they are wet. This feeling is only reinforced by a seat, height, laminator flow water feature that lines, the wall next to the entry.

"this is where I should've stayed," I think I look up the prices just to see. $1700 a night. OK maybe not. Maybe I don't really need to stay here suddenly like $200 a night room with a shower and a bed in. It seems more than acceptable.

Tickets for the rooftop. Observatory are obtained through a QR code and escalator leads me down in level to a "history of the history of this place. "in other words, a room with walls lined with pictures with words on them that I read, knowing full well that I will forget them as soon as I turn away but you read them. Anyway we are directed to a room with a line of elevators thst wait to take us 57 floors up.

Exit in the elevator on the top floor. You are. Of course, stopped to have your picture taken by a professional photographer. This is after all a tourist spot. However, the view is exceptional. There's no denying it. There are more plaques with yet again. Suit and forgotten words. photos. One of those vacation things where you pretend that money doesn't exist. No the elevator RIDE and view probably wasn't worth the $27. But you're still glad you did it. The middle part of this upper platform is reserved for a hotel guests. There is a big pool. The infinity kind it looks from the "peasants platform" that my $27 ticket restricts me too. On my way out. I am convinced to buy the photograph of myself taken by the photographer on the way in. I always forget to take selfies so I'm make another "it's vacation" splurge. I'm embarrassed to admit that I paid $65 for the photo and that's in US dollars. I think I don't remember I was on Vacation.

I leave the sand hotel and resume the search for my hop on hop off bus. it leads me back to the water. Was I led there or drawn to it. Is there a difference steps lead up to the he looks bridge. Another Singapore, tourist checkbox, and it is here. I learned the reason for those metal grates that lined the river. There was a triathlon. That is about to happen.

There is a watering station on the bridge, so I stopped and ask when the participants of the triathlon will be by 40 minutes. They say I just decide to stick around and watch from the spot on the bridge. I can see the running or biking section on the bridge. Whichever it is but down below me in the water is also the ramp where they will run into the water to take the swim. I've never seen that in person.

While I'm waiting a girl walks by and, I presume, sees my Nikon camera. She asked me to take a photo of her with her camera. I do my best. Even though people pictures are not my specialty or something. I even especially enjoy. I do notice at one point that her faces in shadow. I tell her this, and she moves. She seems to appreciate that I noticed she moves a few steps away until I say OK that's good and I snap a few more pictures.

I expect her to leave but instead she stays to chat for a while. We are both solo travelers her from Canada. She is traveling Asia, Tokyo first like me, but then Singapore, right after not like me Kuala Lumpur is where she is headed next. she will eventually end up in China where she has family.

The conversation continues both of us standing in the sun on the bridge. We checked the time. There is still a long time until the Racers are supposed to arrive.

There is a paws in the conversation and out of character for me, but de Siding "what the hell? What's the worst that can happen? "I ask if she might want to go get a coffee. Maybe in the mall building where the rest of that wonderful air conditioning. I am more than a little surprised when she says yes.

We find a café a different one than the one. I stopped at earlier, and I ordered my standard ice to Café latte. She orders a ice americano. I learned that she is researching ALS. I tell her I don't know much about it except that it is a neurological disease. I ask if she's searching for a QR or for managing it and she says unfortunately still just managing it.

The coffees are drunk slowly. As we talk about travel. Have you noticed the same lack of napkins? You have? And have you noticed the GPS always seems to be confused? Yes! Me too! Nurse, my coffee, not wanting this easy flowing conversation to end when I can finally no longer draw it out. I suggest we go to the flower and cloud exhibits together.

Traveling solo can be liberating, but it can also be lonely and isolating. I don't care that. I've seen these exhibits before I've realized in this time that I spent with this person that this is one of very few nonwork related conversations I've had in a long time, and I'll gladly revisit some tourist attractions to keep it alive.

Which are the exhibits again. The sun is setting now, so the portions exposed to exterior lighting look different. They are warmer from the light of the setting son

After exiting, it is truly dark, and they "super trees" are all lit up. We stay there together for final photographs, and then like some sort of temporary chemical, or magnetic bond. We go our separate ways. We are both again solo Travelers.

My next stop is the spectra light and water show another very touristy display of lasers, water fountains, colored lights and an impressively solid sound system complete with subwoofers hidden somewhere underneath this on this giant patio.

After the show I see a self-service fresh squeezed orange juice machine so I have some of that I have to. I've never seen an automated self-service, fresh squeezed orange juice, machine with ice in it before that sounds amazing. And it is

A few steps away down the waterfront Promenade. I find a duo performing with an acoustic guitar. I haven't seen much live music on this trip yet, so I stay a while and listen to the songs. They play. But soon my "wandering heart" doesn't seem to be into it anymore. I want a travel buddy, or I want to fast forward to the part where my two cousins arrive. I feel stuck in travel limbo. Maybe it was just a long day of walking in the heat but I don't think so.

I'm hungry, so I try to find food for no other reason. Besides, it is open and close. I choose a pizza place. I'm not expecting it to be the worlds greatest pizza. But you never know if nothing else. Maybe I can see if there's anything original about it. In reality. I'm tired and I'm hungry.

But in a display of Singapore city magic while walking to the pizza shop, I see a bright light in the distance as I get closer I noticed there are lots of people there too. This can only mean one thing. I decide this late at nights is only one reason that this many people congregate around one spot and that's food.

I'm not wrong. It's a giant food court with seemingly unending options and at the back of this giant food court back on an outdoor street. I find something called Isela Street and entire street lined with tables and nothing. But Isela stands smoke bellows up from each of them. Flames are visible as they turn the Seire over the charcoal flames that they cook above. I pick a line. I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter. Which one. I'm meant. It's gonna be good. and again, I'm not wrong. The 10 sticks of chicken cake. I ordered which came with a sweet peanut sauce disappear. Much too quickly.

The seating is first come first served and just sort of sit wherever you want. I stay well and I try to listen to the people around me having their conversations. There are pictures of beer in the table and I don't know where they came from. But I also don't want to drink alone. I do know that I probably could make friends very quickly in a place like this. But like I mentioned previously I'm tired. It's been a long day and I think I need to go to sleep.

I order a Grab, and in a short while I'm back in my hotel and after a hot shower, I crawl into bed and fall immediately to sleep.
