## Sunday, April 12 

Today I woke up at 7 AM which is "late" for me *lately*...HA, get it? maybe this means I'm getting close to fully adjusted back on a normal work and sleep schedule. Yesterday, I apparently went downtown too early so today I plan on hanging around the apartment lounging drinking my coffee powder stuff that I bought at Village grocer. you know, the important things. 

Having not much else to do, I decide that I should write some journal writing software in fact the very thing that you are probably reading this on right now. This text most of the late morning into the afternoon. Sometimes software, when it's fun, can be like playing CIV time just flies by. 

Around 430 I take a quick shower and head to the main entrance entrance of my apartment building to grab a grab. I know the drill now: grab to the train, once there I would put more money on my "touch n go" card since it's low and then it's the yellow train to TRX station change and then get off at Pasar Seni. At the train station when I put more money on my card, he asked me how much and I had that moment of "internal. I don't know how to answer this question" moment so I just blurted out 50 that seemed like a good number halfway between zero and 100 why not? He raised an eyebrow and looked at me as if to say "50? Did I hear you correctly". I felt like Captain Kirk in the voyage home movie where he sells his glasses for $100 and doesn't know if that's a lot or not. 

Once the train rides are over, I exit at my now familiar train station and make a B line for the blue pin that I had placed for "yellow tents" that I had seen yesterday. But when I get there, it does not look at all the same as I did yesterday there are some yellow umbrellas, but not nearly as many. There was a thunderstorm earlier and now I wonder if during the rain they decided to pack it up and leave or if this is just another case of "this is the way it is". I need a local to show me around I think sometimes being the solo traveler, relying solely on Internet comments, and search engines, doesn't give you the full story, the full picture. 

I start searching the immediate area going up one street and then down another hoping maybe my charcoal chicken strip guy has set up somewhere else, but I am unable to find him. I abandoned that mission and instead decide to go back to a beef noodle place that I had passed in my rapid walk towards my initial blue Pin. I had dropped yet another blue pin next to this restaurant because on my walk by it was full of people, and you could see inside the kitchen as you walked by and what I saw looked really good. 

I am seated immediately and given a menu it is simple there are beef balls, beef, pork, and there are noodles. You can get it dry or wet. That's the gist of it when it's my turn to order. I order beef balls, and noodles dry. I'm not even sure why I said dry because in my head I had pictured soup, but for some reason, I think probably some YouTube food show I had binged before this trip, that person had ordered their noodles dry so that is what I was going to do now. 

As I'm waiting for my food to arrive, I glance again at the picture on the menu those meatballs look a little strange I think to myself, and when the food arrives, I have that same thought again. These "meatballs" sure do look, smooth, and uniquely walnut shaped . I'm starting to wonder just exactly what kind of balls these are. 

I try one. The texture is odd, firm and sort of bouncy. I cut one open with my fork and it seems to be made of layers not crumbly like I would imagine a meatball to be. I am now 100% convinced that these are balls. well I wanted food adventure, and I got it. Later on this night home in my apartment I would search recipes for Chinese beef ball noodle soup. It turns out they really are meatballs. They are just made by blending the beef mixture until it is nearly foamy, forming those into balls and then boiling them and that is the reason for the particularly odd texture and shape that had me convinced I was eating something completely different. In the moment back in the restaurant, I was wondering why the host would not have looked at this very obvious American and told him that what he ordered were not exactly meat meatballs, but of course, the reason he didn't is because they were meatballs, and I was just being ignorant.

Exiting the restaurant I realize we have entered dusk. "Camera hours". Those hours of the evening going from golden hour all the way in tonight where photographs just look better. I walk aimlessly again trying to forget the ball episode because back in this time, I had not googled the recipe yet. I find myself in what I think is called India town. It is fairly chaotic and everybody seems to be closing up shops instead of opening them or selling anything I take a few photos and then continue walking. I start making my way back towards the train then just like the other day I turned the corner and there is the entrance to the Chinatown shops I walk through for obvious reasons it feels familiar since I was just here yesterday even though now the sun is setting. I exit the far end and I see what I've been looking for food stalls line the edges of the street to the left into the right and directly in front of me a charcoal grill station directly across from that I see another station selling fried dumplings and suddenly I am very hungry because these are one of my favorite things to eat.

I walk up to the stall. It is being manned by an older woman and Man who I presume our husband and wife. She takes my order seven pork and chive dumplings for exactly 10 ringgit. I am very glad now that I made sure I had some cash on me. I sit and watch as the man who cooks my dumplings, frying them in one side flipping and then frying the other they are served to me in a small clamshell plastic to go case the dumplings on one side and a soy based ginger and spice heavy sauce on the other long toothpick serves as a utensil. I make a quick work of them and decide I want more so I go back to the woman in order seven more this time chicken and chive one of the other options on the menu. These seven arrive and I make them disappear in a similar quick fashion. The pork ones were my favorite, but the chicken ones were my second favorite. Yes that's a Brian Regan quote. A thinly veiled one. 

Satiation. Finally. I take some more photos of the area and then decide it's time to head back to the train. I'm walking towards what I know is Central market somewhere in the distance when like a lighthouse in the mist emerges a sign. "Passar Seni". is it *the* Passar Seni?  my stop? I found the "secret entrance" I enter, well rehearsed now I again play the trains in reverse and the grab takes me home. a shower, clean clothes. The memory of dumplings is comforting. This was a good day tomorrow brings another day of work. My first full week.

