## Tuesday, May 5

I have breakfast in Tamarind Square before going to work.  There I find the new restaurant I had talked to the owner about (and was given a free coffee) is open.  I decide to try it.

I see Shakshuka on the menu and cannot resist.  I may like this almost as much Eggs Benedict, maybe more.  And I also need to compare this one to the one I had at The Botanist which was "eggcellent".

This one comes with Rye toast, and a side of lamb sausage.  It is a little clunky, not quite as refined as the one from the Botanist, and the toast is good but a little underdone and closer to bread in some places.  But this is also their first day open, and based on the conversations I had with th owner I think they will straighten things out. The service is superb, the latte as well.  Overall a very good rendition of Shakshuka, but today at least, I have to give the nod to The Botanist.

After work it is tome for another date night!  We decide on going to a "Catfe".  A cafe where you get to play with cats.  Sign me up! You don't have to ask me twice!

We arrive and after having our hands sanitized with a quick spray bottle spritz, we are surrounded by cats.  Most seem to be either sleeping or uninterested in us, evidence that these are "real cats" for sure!

We get our drinks, which come with lids thankfully.  I do like cats, but not so much their hair that seems to get everywhere.  And we do finally find some cats that are interesed in us -- perhaps also coaxed by treats.

We spend a long time in here, long after our coffees (well, my latte and her Matcha tea) have gone cold.  We both clearly do not want to leave our furry friends.

After leaving I am given the responsibility of finding somewhere to eat.  There are lots of restaurants along the street where the "Catfe" is, but none are calling to us.  I do find a chinese grocery and look inside to see if I can find any Ginger Coconut drink.  I even try to ask one of the store clerks, but she only shakes her head no.

We get in the car and I starft looking at maps.  I find a place that I think was called Mori Kori.  I don't remember because when we got there they were only serving drinks or something.  But next to it is a place called BAR MOKU, and they were still serving food.  Tucked away behind an unassuming entrance near Jalan Ampang, TEPPANYAKI KONOMU × BAR MOKU feels like the kind of Japanese whisky bar you'd stumble upon in Tokyo rather than Kuala Lumpur. The intimate space pairs an impressive selection of Japanese whiskies, highballs, and cocktails with teppanyaki, yakitori, and other Japanese small plates, creating an atmosphere that is equal parts refined restaurant and late-night hideaway. It's the sort of place where the conversation slows down, the whisky pours a little longer, and the city outside seems very far away.

We both order some drinks, non-alcoholic ones.  I think this was perhaps an unusual order for a Japanese Whiskey bar, becuse the woman who took our order went back and forth between us a couple times to confirm, and eventually brought out a younger man who I think was a chef and spoke better English.  We finally did confirm that yes, we want the non-alcohol versions of these drinks.  I think it was a mojito for me.

We order some of the yakaturi meat skewers.  There was chicken and onion, chicken hearts, and wagyu beef.  they were all good, but the wagyu beef, true to the current hystaria surrounding them, stole the show.  enough that I ordered another plate of them.  They were so good that my attached photo does not do it justice because I took the photo in about two seconds, too eager to eat it I was.