## Friday, April 24

After falling asleep at 2 or 3 in the morning, I don't remember which, I woke again to work.  But when you know you're flying to Singapore later, it becomes very hard to concentrate!

Finally the time arrives, I leave work to go back to the apartment.  I hastilly do a final packing of my bag.  I'm one of those travellers that often doesn't pack 100% of their stuff.  Instead I lay everything out on a table or the floor, and make what I call a "snowman" (from my days skiing I think where this analagy made more sense).  This way I can make sure the snowmam has everything he needs for his trip.  Even with this technique I have sometimes come close to forgetting to pack underwear for the snowman.

In any case, I throw everything into my broken roller bag (it still has two broken wheel that go "THUMP THUMP THUMP" if I try to push it on the two broken wheels).  Into a Grab to KLIA airport terminal 2.

Compared to the 13 hour 45 minute flight from Dallas to Tokyo, this flight is nothing.  1 hour, if that. Like flying from Providence, Rhode Island to Washington DC.  The plane barely has time to level off at cruise before it starts the descent.

As usual, I booked myself a window seat so I can look out at what is passing by underneath us. Inside me still lives that child who is facinated with flight and cannot look away from the window sometimes.

We begin the approach to Singapore airport.  It is nighttime.  The interior of the plane has been in "lights out" mode for the entire flight, and below me the black expanse indicates you are over water becomes interspersed with yellow lights.  Still not land I realize but cargo ships.  All sizes and varieties.  Oil, gas, dry cargo, they are all at anchor waiting to enter the port and load or unload.  I don't know which and don't have time to ponder as the first true lights of the city appear beneath me.  Flaps, gear, touchdown.  I am in Singapore.

As advertised, the airport is clean, efficient.  I am through immegration quickly thanks to the digial entry forms and befire I knwo it I am waiting for a Grab to take me to my hotel.

More lights fly by as I sit in the back of the Grab.  Again a child wondering what this city will decide to show me.

We arrive at the hotel, The Sultan hotel in Kampong Glam
Arrived sweaty and grimy from walking Grab rides, airports, and airplanes. A travel constant.
Immediate relief from AC in lobby
Checkin is quick and efficient.  An offer to take a few water bottles from the shelved behind me.
I am pointed to a pair of double doors that lead out the wall of what is the orignal building this hotel was converted from.
Slightly creaky walkway that is almost more of a path between buildings.  There are bathroom along here, as well as gated entries that lead to rooms tat are not mine.
I find my gate, open it with the magnetic key card, and inside there find my room.
My first sensation is musty.  I think this is likely a constant problem in the very humid climates of both KL and singapore. 
Unpack, put away the "snowman's" clothes.
Investigate the shower.  Much like my KL apartment back home, this one has a dedicated switch on the wall to power the water heater on.  It is already switched on.  It's almost like they knew I was coming.
"Waterfall" shower head.  Plenty of hot water.  Just what a grimy traveller needed.
Hunger.  I re-dress from some of the Snowman's stockpile of clothes, and head out on the town.
Even though I've been travelling and should be in "photographer mode" I revert back to my introverted nature and forget to take photos, even though the Nikon is tycked into my backpack. Not really "forget" more like "feel self-concious and don't want to take people photos at night.
Walk around the streets.  Find one very "happening" spot that seems to be an alley full of bars, musicians, restaurants.  Little tiny placed tucked away behind the crowded seating that I need to eave my way through to get through.  It's loud and chaotic.  Drunk people.  Not what I'm looking for at the moment so I continue searching.

Find an Indian place on a street corner.  One of those places with stucky tables, an open-to-the-outide seating situation, and enthusiatic employees with not great English asking me what I want.

What I am really searching for is Chicken Satay.  I saw it on the photo signboard outside but not do not see it on the menu that has been handed to me.

I instead go with chicken currey and naan.  A classic, if also somewhat "safe" for this American traveller. 

It arrives with a bone-in chicken thigh.  Extreamely tender, for the most part.  I am still limited to a spoon and fork to disect it.  No knife (although I'm sure they could find me one if I bothered to ask).  Instead I use my spoon to scrape and cut my way through the chicken, someimes using pieces of my naan as I might use a tortilla back in Texas to scoop up rice and beans - but in this case it is pieces of delicate chicken accompanied by the rich dark sauce that is pooled on the plate underneath.  Classic curry spice mix.  I eat it all, finish my lemonade drink, and am satisfied.  

It's late, nearly midnight, and time to sleep. I go back to the hotel, photoless but fed.  I have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow and sleep comes fast.

