## Monday April 13 to Friday April 17

Work is work.Small sacrifice to be able to fill my weekends with new experiences.With an operational laptop I am able to do real work.But instead find myself still in the never ending rabbit hole of the unsolvable.They are literally called “pipelines” , And more often than not.They lead to dead ends and never ending circles around the metaphorical computing drain pipe.

In another universal constant, the people you meet are the good part.Just like Interstate travel, inter country travel shows that by a huge overwhelming majority, we all want the same thing - Friends, food, family, even if for me it is a temporarily adopted work family.Jokes, stories, sharing and being excited about food.

Many lunches.The standing Thursday lunch.But I need greens.Every meal.I've had with rice or noodles. Sounds like a dream until it becomes a reality.I go to Village Grocer for salad fixins, eggs, avocado tortilla chips.Maybe a bout of culinary homesickness, or maybe my body.Calling up for fiber.Any kind will do, All the kinds are preferable.

My Airbnb is missing a critical feature.The comfy blanket.After work I need to burrito up in a blanket.Yet another food reference from home I just realized.There is a mall.They still have those here.And lots of them, it seems.This one is called DPULZE. I buy a fuzzy blue blanket.Hand towels that were also missing from the bathrooms.And then I inspect this ball.I find a clothing store.I buy a nice shirt.That might come in handy.There's also a Japanese bakery where I get a flossed chicken roll.And a garlic bread. 

at home, I go to make pasta water, boiling salted. I dumped the remains of a bag of pasta into the water to see some unexpected objects, black things I see them in the bag too, and they are moving some sort of flower eating beetle, even though I know it would be fine . I dumped the whole batch of pasta from the pot into the trash no pasta tonight it seems just like the song "no sugar tonight" by "The Guess Who", but with pasta and beetles.

Dinner instead will be the garlic bread that I purchased, and whenever I can scrounge from my chronically understocked kitchen, which for now seems to be apples, peanut butter, and a blueberry yogurt.

Pharmacies work different everywhere and that applies here as well. I'm in search of ibuprofen and in the "CVS-like " store. I find nothing but shelves of paracetamol in other words acetaminophen I give up and ask. Ibuprofen it seems is found in the pharmacy here in other words behind the counter. It's funny how small things remind you that Toto is not home anymore.

other dinners that I had this week were more exploration of the tamarind Square restaurants one of which was a fantastic plate of Thai chicken and rice. It was a welcome "sit down meal" as opposed to the more casual dining that requires scanning the QR code on the table for this meal. The plate arrived with a whole bone in chicken thigh with rice obviously a small salad on the side and some sort of broth that I dumped over the rice as I was unsure what else to do with it. 

something else I accomplished this week was a much overdue inspection of the rooftop pool in this apartment building but first pools need snacks, no require is the right word here. And this means I get to check out the little minimart that I just recently discovered is on the 10th floor that connects the two towers of this apartment complex. It has the necessities and the non-essentials that I am looking for. I settle on a familiar and a new familiar is sour cream and onion. Pringles, the safety and comfort food edition for the new I choose "O'mas Snek Mi" -- snack noodles. The noodles are "Perisa Kari BBQ" which I am fairly certain translates to barbecue curry flavor at the pool in between cooling swims, and gazing out past the edge of the infinity, both the noodles and the Pringles take turns disappearing 

A final mission for the week was to try to re-create the "ginger coconut drink" that we discovered in Puerto Rico of all places my Malaysian coworkers find out a little about this product. It is made in China, but as far as we can tell, it is not sold anywhere in Malaysia business opportunity? For sure, but I am still craving it and I am going to make it instead I purchase a bottle of ground ginger, a few different kinds of coconut powder and some sweetened condensed milk the mad scientist at work. I finally have something assembling a recipe and that recipe is: 

- a lot of coconut powder what seems like too much 
- and equally absurd amount of ginger powder I start to wonder how old this ginger powder might be 
- two pink plastic, Barbie looking bread, knives worth of condensed milk. Have I mentioned yet that this Airbnb kitchen is woefully understocked? 
- add hot water to fill and stir 

it's actually pretty close! It scratches the itch so to speak I would prefer the real thing but in a crunch, this is a healthy substitute 