## Thursday, May 21

Somewhere: South Korea'n Incheon Airport

Somewhen: Unsure

We are in the airport purgatory of a long-haul international flight layover.  Four hours? Five?  Time has no meaning, except the knowledge that the *next* flight will be 13 hours long.

Since I have time, I remember that I still have not bought my final plane ticket back to Austin from JFK, which is where my next plane is leaving from.  For a while I had entertained thoughts of instead visting with family for what will be a long holiday weekend back in the USA.  But "travelitis" has taken hold of me, the specific varient being "get home itis".  So I drop almost $800 on a nonstop flight from JFK to AUS.  Another five hours after we land there.  This is going to be a very long "day" as we chase the clock back across the globe it will still be the 21st when we land.

At some point we board.  It's an A380, the big double-decker. So that part is exciting. Soo after takeoff we all fall asleep.

Somewhere over the Pacific ocean I wake up with my head propped up against the plastic wall. For a moment I thought I was on a plane to "somewhere new", but in the fog os sleep I could not remember exactly where to.  Only for another few moments to pass and realize the trip is over and this plane is going home, eventually to Austin.  It wasn't a great feeling, realizing at 37,000 feet and 1079 KPH of ground speed (yes, I looked those up on the in-flight screen in front of me).

On the plane one meal we are served is a "Korean Hot Dog", better known to many as a corn dog.  The sweetness of the breading tempers the bitterness that clouded my thoughts upon waking.  Next to me, in the center seat, is Kate who is drawing in her travel sketch notebook.  I watch for a while as the pencil makes shapes and lines.  Watching people draw has always been relaxing to me,  After a while I realize she is drawing the hills of Sapa, Vietnam.  Hills covered in rice paddys.  I am sure that all three if us are having the same conflicted feelings - we want to go home, there is always that inexorible pull to "go home", but we are travellers too, and we want that also.  This is also why we have already started planning our next one.

Finally, the plane lands in JFK.  They are off to go catch a train to a train that will take them home (after discivering that the Uber will be $130 or something).  I go the other way, back into the airport for one more flight.  I spend the time in terminal 4 at a bar, nursing a Gin and Tonic, noting how it not very good, but serviceable.  And I listen to other travellers recount how there was some sort of major problem yesterday, and they were all stuck here and are trying to fly out again today.  The same story that seems to play out at nearly every airport bar.