## Monday, May 4

I am dropped off at a park I was pointed to that is near me.  I had to get up to get the car out of the garage, so I figured I might as well go for a run too!  In the park I meet multiple stray dogs, and make sure to give a couple of them ear scratches.  One of the dogs does not want me to leave and keeps putting his paw on my foot to prevent me from walking.

There are also large ponds with paved walkways, and even an elevated walkway over some sort of wetlands along the pond's edge.  I run along these, doing laps until I don't feel like running any more, and then run along the road back to my AirBnB.

This would be, I think while on my way running home, a great place for a sunset picnic!

After work, I text her to meet me at my apartment and we can go on a picnic to the park she dropped me off at thie morning! I go to Tamarind Square an pick up supplies: A box of Korean Fried Chicken, and then over to Village Grocer for coconut watersm some almond snacks, and some bottled waters.  All of these get stuffed into my work backpack (I do not have the proverbial wicker basket handy).

She meets me outside my apartment, and we drive over to the same park that she dropped me off at just this morning, except this time we park and walk across the pond to some picnic tables at the edge of the water that I saw earlier.

We have the whole place to ourselves.  Or so we thought.  After unpacking our food we soon see a couple monkeys walking down the path towards us.  She tells me to be careful. I am ready to stuff the food into the bag if I have to...but thankfully the monkeys seem more interested in something that is happening in the pond on the other side.

We munch on our chicken and sip from coconut water as the sun sets over the water in fron of us.  You can't ask for more.  Except then we see a monitor lizard walk across the grass at the edge of the pond, slip in, and swim over to some lilypads nearby, the entire time only his head sticking up from the water.  

"He must be on his way to hunt", I say.

The sun has set more now, and we have eaten our food.  We leave, taking the long way around the pond that goes over those metal grates over the wetlands.

"I'm getting scared." she says.

"Don't worry, I'll protect you!" I say with a smile.

We make it to the car just as the sky is making a final change from yellow to dark red, and quickly heading towards lavender and then blue.  Pefect timing.  It is dark by the time we make the short drive back to my apartment. The sun sets faster here at 2 degrees north latitude.