## April 26, 2026

- Wake up, hungry for something a little less adventurous
- Find a cafe that seems to have good food, it's walkable. 
- I check out of the hotel, but first ask if I can leave my bags here.  They say of course, we would be happy to.
- Then I head out on foot.
- Along the way I slip down a few side streets just to check it out more.  I find a couple cool little stores, a postcard that I like which I buy, and a store selling coconut candy, but alas no "coconut ginger drink" that will be an ongoing seatch on this trip.
- Back on my way to the cafe I have to backtrack because the road is closed.  A friendly lady comes out of the hotel parking lot where I was about to walk up a set of stairs to get to this overpass thing.  "No...there path if you want!  You see? It right there in plants".  
- I go and look, and sure enough there is a little path there.  Thanks random old lady!
- Get to cafe.  It is modern and clean.  I am taken through a sliding glass door to an inside dining area.
- I see the menu has eggs benedict, and I cannot resist ordering this if I see it on the menu.  And I have to admit, I was kinda craving something a little more "Western Breakfast" today after the Box Toast adventure.
- I also order a latte, because they are great.
- While I am eating it begins to rain.  The heavy, large-droplet rain kind.  I decide maybe I'll have another coffee if it doesn't stop.  But it does finally taper off.  So when I am finished I pay and leave.  I saw there is the Singapore National Library nearby, so I head in that direction.
- It starts to rain again, but thankfully I am nect to another, smaller and more local, cafe when it does, so I head in there.
- There are three younf girls working behind the counter, one of whom takes my order for, you guessed it, a cafe latte.
- I sit down at a table with a little wobble to it, stark contrast to the perfect tables, bright lighting, and overall polish of the other cafe.  But I like this one.  It is cozy, the lights are dim but not dark.  And there are groups of two and three people seated, all having animated discussions about something.  I surmize that this must be because I'm close to the library.  I've found "my people".  Creatives, Inquizitives, Reminiceives, all the good "-ives".
- I decide to be creative as well and take my journal out of my bag to write down notes.  On a trip I am perpetually at least a couple days behind in my notes, so any chance to catch up it to be taken!  My coffee is hot, and I think I can still hear rain coming from outside somewhere (this cafe was around a corner and inside sort of a hallway in this building).
- While journaling I have a thought "It's not until you put the pen down that you finally think of something to write."  Ironic perhaps, because in this case I am in the act of writing when the thought arrives.  But the thought is true in many cases - how many times have I had an idea but failed to write it down or record it?
- Eventually I reluctantly finish my latte.  I consider ordering another but I've just had two in quick succession, so decide better to leave.  Besides, I think the rain has stopped.
- I leave and get to the Singapore National Library.  I head inside and there is somebody setting up microphones and music stands in the main lobby. I file that away in my head for later as I head into the building more.
- I'm not sure what I'm looking for. Maybe some old books on shelves, or just a place to sit in quiet and work on my jourmal some more.
- Each escalator level I go up lands me on another level. Drama, Central Arts (visual, music, film), reference library, historical film.
- But each one has a guard in front and they seem to want some ID, student, resident.  Not a Texas driver's license.  I scan a QR code for more info but it all seems like I wont be able to get in.  I think about asking one of the guards, but then decide against it.  Maybe I was having a little travel fatigue and not really "into it in the moment", or maybe I just realized I didn't really *need* to get into this library section.
- And besides, I need to use the bathroom (I guess those two lattes decided to show up) and there's a bathroom near each escalator landing. Side note: The bathrooms were clean and very nice!
- I go back down to leave, and to my surprise there are musicians playing music where they were setting up!  They are doing pieces from musicals and music-based movies.  Disney, sound of music, Wicked, Hunchback of Notre Dame.  That kind of thing.
- This is right up my ally as they say, and it's also moonsoon-style raining again outside.  So I stick around.
- After a few songs I head out into the covered area between the two buildings of the library.  I sit on some stone steps along with a bunch of other people who seem to probably be college students.  I try to think of somewhere else to go with what time I have left before I need to get to the airport.  I can't think of much, and with the rain the options are fewer since they need to be inside.  So I decide that there is a perfectly good concert going on in this building right here and head back in to listen to them sing more.
- Finally it's late enough that I need to be going.  I order a Grab back to my hotel where I retrieve my bags that I had left with them when checking out this morning, then immediately order another grab to the airport.
- At the airport I find that I am in Terminal 4, which is a bit of a shame because the "cool things" that you want to see in the Singapore Airport (The Rain Vortex waterfall, Butterfly Garden, Canopy Park, Cactus Garden, etc) -- those are all in the other terminals.  I guess it kind of makes sense, maybe terminal 4 if for people like me making a "short haul" flight somewhere? I don't really know.  
- This terminal is still very nice.  Definitely the best (public) bathroom I've seen yet! (my Tokyo hotel bathroom still reigns supreme).
- I do find a food court, and the Crispy Chicken Rice lures me in.  And it is fantastic! Maybe I was just the right amount of hungry, or maybe it was really that good.  I'm not sure but I almost ordered two!
    - The Crispy chicken rice featured a boneless chicken cutlet coated in a light batter or breadcrumbs and deep-fried until golden and crunchy, then sliced and served over fragrant chicken rice. Served with chili sauce, cucumber slices, and a small bowl of clear soup, it created a meal that's somewhere between Hainanese chicken rice and Japanese katsu, but distinctly Southeast Asian in flavor.
- Then it's was off to the terminal area.  My gate changed once.  I moved too. Then we boarded, departed, I tried to take a cool "long exposure" of the lights again when we took off, to match the one that I had taken when landing, but was unsuccessful.
- From the air, as we pass into Malaysian territory, I keep seeing fireworks going off, and I'm not sure why.
- Soon I am back in the Kuala Lumpur airport, waiting at the Grab stand with the big TV that shows you which grabs are waiting and where.  While behind me is a plce selling corn.  Just corn.  I want to try it but I've already ordered my grab.
- Back in my AirBnb I attempt to make a "coconut ginger drink" from my raw ingredients that I have purchased.  It is ok, but not the same as "the real thing."