## Tuesday April 7

- Wake up earlier than I need to for work -- stupid brain
- Was supposed to meet someone at work in the afternoon, but I realize I might as well go pick up my laptop in the morning, then I can spend the day setting it up, which always takes a bit.

unfortunately, when my Grab got outside of the office that there was a gate there, and inside the gate, lived a security officer, and the security officer would not let me in without my badge which I not realized it was still back in Austin, Texas 

So he asked me for my badge number and after searching through many many teams conversations on my phone, I was able to find one where I had sent my badge number to a coworker so I gave the badge number to the guy at the gate he looked me up in the system and showed me a picture of myself on his phone and I said yeah that's me. I just had longer hair back then

now that I was "authenticated" the Grab and myself were allowed finally to enter the super secure secret parking lot and I was dropped off in front of the building so my first mission now instead of picking up my laptop became how do I get into the building past the main lobby, where the security guards informed me that oh "this is going to be a problem. I don't think you can do that here you can't get a new badge here"

so after many more back-and-forth, they said oh wait you have to email this security office. Tell them the problem and then I will be able to print you a new badge. 

I knew that I needed to get to the fourth floor to pick up my laptop that was being loaned to me while I'm in Malaysia so I walked up to the fourth floor and thankfully somebody was sitting outside the secure doors so after a conversation with her she was able to escort me into the tech office, where I finally was handed my laptop and began the process of setting everything up, which basically was from a first setting up windows per perspective so basically everything 

I had grown tired of sitting in the cold, empty office outside of the tech office so at the first opportunity, I took my new laptop back to Tamarind Square so I jumped in a grab and set up camp instead of at my new favorite coffee shop with my laptop to continue installations and hopefully do some actual work. 

Once set up with another delicious cold iced café latte, I continued installation of software and was able to do some work like open Outlook in Teams and start responding to messages. I still couldn't do any development not yet anyway, but it was good to be getting stuff done .

That was right up until the point where my new laptop screen turned blue and I was faced with the dreaded windows yeah "everything is broken. It's going to reboot now"

The laptop rebooted and then reboot it again and then again and again then it tried to enter a self diagnosing fix it utility I said OK go for it. It said it fixed it and then it rebooted again and again there was something very wrong with this laptop. Now I need to go back to the office and get another one.

by this time, it was early afternoon and the person who I had originally intended to meet at the office was there so after another entrance through the super secure parking lot gate and the super secure lobby, I was able to meet her and together we both made the trip back up to Texas Central, where I swapped my new but now very broken laptop for another new laptop, hoping beyond hope that the universe would this time provide me with a laptop made by my employer by the way that wasn't broken

My new friend at work took the opportunity to give me a full tour of the building all four floors. This is the cafeteria. These are the elevators at both ends, and this is the elevator in the middle. These are where the bathrooms are but watch out because the male and female ones switched sides, depending on which side of the building you're on and you don't want to accidentally walk into the wrong one which has happened on occasion.

She also shows me where the team works and a spot where I could set up my laptop today and for the next four weeks, which is how long I will be working here for

Soon it was time to leave so another grab back to tamarind Square where I did a little shopping for some simple food at Village, grocer yogurt, apples, and bananas. These I took home to my apartment walking through the now dark night sky feeling the warmth and heaviness of the human Malaysian air I ate my food and I was tired so very quickly the urge to sleep overcame the urge to do anything else.
