## Sunday, May 3

I wake early to meet my coworkers in downtown Kuala Lumpur for breakast and then a walkabout. The weekend I went to Singapore I was supposed to meet up with them for a 7am run. I missed that one, but I must admit that the 9am meet time for this breakfast sounds a little easier to make.

We all meet at Luck Bros Kopi. Tucked beside the bustle of Petaling Street, Luck Bros Kopi serves up a polished version of the Malaysian coffee-shop experience. Strong kopi, fragrant nasi lemak, and a menu that hops effortlessly between Chinese, Malay, and Peranakan influences make it feel like a small celebration of the country's food culture under one roof.  I order an egg and tomato dish and a latte.  I do like my lattes!

Afterwards we walk to a nearby temple.  The girls don some loaner robes (or did they have to rent them, I am not sure), and we head inside -- all of us sans shoes. One of the first things I see are more of those prayer saucer things buring oil from a wick I like so much.  I make a mental note to try to find where to buy them. The ceiling of this temple has an especially intracate mosaic that captures my attention.

Around the corner is a Chinese temple - the famous Sri Maha Mariamman Temple in Chinatown.  This one did not allow photographing inside, so I don't have any, but it is pretty cool inside. The temple was founded in 1873 and is the oldest Hindu temple in Kuala Lumpur. Its 22.9-meter-tall entrance tower is decorated with more than 200 sculpted figures of Hindu gods, goddesses, and mythological beings in the traditional Dravidian style of South India. During Thaipusam, it serves as the starting point for the massive pilgrimage procession to Batu Caves.

Afterwards we head towards KLCC mall.  There we stop into a bookstore where I find (but do not buy) a book set priced at 3,561 ringgit.  Even after conversion back to USD this is still a little pricey for me...besides where would I put it?

There is also a large outdoor park we visit.  It is dominated on one side by Pentronas towersm bur has wooded paths for running, water features, and even a small water park for children to play in.

We take a short train ride to TRX where there is another, larger mall.  In here we visit the Apple store where we all look at some Apple watches.  Mine is back in my AirBnB because the battery is dead, but also because Apple Pay does not work on that here for me, which is really what I use it for most of the time back home.

We also go get lunch where there are many things ordered.  A bowl of Ceasar Salad is shared between three of us, a welcome addition of raw vegetables!  Also steak, and some spaghetti.  

Content with full stomachs we all leave and head home.  We do have work tomorrow after all!