## Saturday, April 11 

I'm up early today because today is a day for exploration my first Saturday here in Kuala Lumpur and I have decided to figure out the trains and try to make my way downtown 

But first I get a phone call from someone back home and looking at the name on my phone. I realize that it's my cousin with whom I normally have a Friday night phone call to recap the week gone by and just catch up in general and I realize that he has forgotten that I am in Malaysia and that for me, it is Saturday morning when I tell him that he says oh right, of course, but we still chat for a while on the phone and afterwards it's time for me to really get moving 

in what has now become, my primary means of locomotion certainly for the past week I open my Grab app and summon a Grab to take me to Cyberjaya Sentral train station. yes that's spelled with an S it's not a typo. 

It's a short ride a little longer than the ones that normally take me to work and soon I am in the train station. I take an escalator up and see a long row of ticketing machines, colorful lit up screens with no English on them and I think this must be where I need to go to get this thing that I've been told I need which is a "touch n go card". however, I am unable to decipher the screens to figure out if that's actually what this machine does so yet again I abandoned technology and head for the human being at the booth in front of the turnstiles. 

And yet again, the procedure is easy. Once humans become involved a couple questions I give him my credit card. He gives me back my credit card and my train pass which I am told has 20 Malaysian Ringgit on it. which should be enough for a few train rides three, four, maybe five it doesn't matter because I can put more money on it if I need to as long as I can figure out how. 

I appropriately based upon the name, touch my card to the turnstile screen turns green, and the doors open to let me in to the main part of the station. I take an escalator up to the train platform only to realize upon looking at the signage that I don't really know where I'm going. Well that's not exactly true. I know where I'm going. I just don't know how to get there so instead of trying to figure this out digitally I instead run back to a human being at the main office by the turnstiles. 

He explains to me in perfect English two separate ways to get there from this train easy enough once you see it on the map I thank him profusely and head back to the train platform 

The trains arrive roughly every 10 minutes or so, so I have some time to look around as I sit waiting. The first thing I noticed are the giant pink patches painted on the concrete of the platform in front of where the train stops in big bold white letters in informs travelers that the cars that stop here are for women only I'm glad I noticed this instead of being a typical oblivious tourist that would not be a good way to start my first train ride by accidentally getting on the news by trying to board the women only train cars 

The train arrives and I board this station is a terminal station the end of the line so that means I can sit anywhere I want because the train is mostly empty. At this point I sit down and relish in the feeling of the air-conditioning which has this train car is super chilled and once again as people do when they're in very hot climate like this, I am glad that I am alive in the time of air-conditioning. 

It's quite a few stops to where I have to change trains so I spend the time looking out the window taking in the scenery since up until this point I haven't left the little area between where I live, and where I work, the train stations slipped by announced by the monotone computer voice in both Malay and English my ears perk up as I hear it announced the next station is TRX. 

The train stops the door is open. I stepped out and realize my next train is directly across from me on the same platform. How convenient! I boarded that train and it is only three stops to the station where I'm getting off which is called. Pasar Seni. I had spent some of the time researching train stops and realized I did not need to go to KL Central like I had asked the helpful attendant but instead could get off at this station to see some of the things I want to see. 

On my way out of the station, I see ATM and that reminds me that inside my wallet there is no Malaysian currency in. It probably would be a very good idea for me to get some so I walk up to the ATM lay down my debit chip card. Enter my pin and after a few questions and asked "do you want to pay for a conversion ". Well, I mean, not if I don't have to I suppose. In truth, I don't really understand the question I assumed there would be conversion fees, no matter what but all I really need is some Malaysian currency. I start the process over again this time instead of yes I select no but the same thing happens as previously the transaction is denied . I try a third time in the same thing happens. I'm pretty sure that my bank just doesn't want to let me do this and this will probably require a phone call. 

I give up on the ATM and instead exit the station and make my way to Central Market. For some reason, this one is spelled with a C. I'll have to look that one up later the entrance to Central market is dominated by a large overhead ornate sign in walking beneath it. You are now in the shopping center, and I realize that I perhaps I'm here a little early because many vendors are still setting up their stalls . One of the stalls is a coffee spot have I mentioned yet the relations seemed to be really into coffee? there's lots of coffee around. I order a hot café latte and in the process of making it the girl running the coffee stand burns her hand while trying to clean the milk off of the steam tube. If there's one thing I know it's that steam burns hurt in an act of solidarity. I show her my thumb which is still blistered from one of the last meals. I cooked back at home and stupidly grabbed an extremely hot cast-iron pan with a dish cloth. The dish cloth moved, and my thumb pressed directly against the 500° black iron. She smiles and laughs. 

Central market itself seems to be two things at once the outside portion where our stalls with food and trinkets and other things and then an inside part which has much the same textiles snacks a food court, a small room depicting the history of Kuala Lumpur and two levels on one level I see a public bathroom, which after my coffee now seems to be my next really good idea unfortunately to enter this bathroom costs money something which we both know I don't have any of at the monent. 

So I exit Central market now hunting for a money exchange place which I find soon enough when is my turn at the glass window? I pass through two $20 bills and a 10. The attendance points at the sign behind them $2.50 US per bill. What am I going to do? I nod my head he hand me back my Malaysian currency minus the exorbitant transaction fees and my passport which for some reason, he also needed to see , and I was very glad that for some reason I had it with me in my backpack. 

From this point I continue doing something I'm very good at which is wandering around the city just looking for interesting things to take photographs of and in increasingly a place to eat since I skipped breakfast this morning in anticipation of this adventure. Down random roads taking random directions at stoplights whichever one seems to be easier or looks more interesting in that direction is the direction I go. I seem to be heading towards the KL tower, a major tourist attraction and I think surely there I will find places to eat and something going on . Unfortunately, the road dead ends in front of a waterfall and a sign in a road that after looking at Google maps would require me to walk all the way around to get to the tower. Something that now that it is around noon and getting particularly hot and humid I am not overly enthusiastic about doing . 

In fact, when I looked at Google Maps, I realized I had straight very far north of the area I had intended to explore the area with all my little blue pins on it the area where I was expecting to find street food so instead, I turned back southeast and head that direction 

I see a restaurant that is open and it has its menu displayed out in front as many restaurants do not on the glass but on a pedestal so you can flip through it as soon as I do, the host comes out and strikes up a conversation with me he tells me they make their own bread and that it is all sourdough based . I tell him my excitement possibly showing through that I make my own bread at home also and it is also sourdough that's enough for me. I enter the restaurant. I'm hungry and fresh bread sounds good. 

The downside is the menu itself has a particularly American or maybe Eurocentric field to it. It doesn't have local dishes like I was hoping to eat today but I am hungry enough that I just need to eat so I order a chicken Katsu sandwich with french fries hoping that they don't think I'm eating here because it's the only thing I'm able to eat. It's just because it's the only thing that I found at the moment one of the other items on the menu was a noodle dish but when I asked, I was told it has fish in it and as we have previously discussed, fish is one of the things that I do not eat. 

The sandwich is very good. The chicken crispy and hot. The fries are hot crispy as well and fresh. They have some sort of spiced seasoning on top and on the side in a little metal ramekin is a dipping sauce, but chili based and sweet and hot at the same time, not ketchup . I've heard that this is a common thing in this area even my coworkers when they talk to me and employed me to go to Burger King to see what the difference is where told me that I would find this same sort of chili based sauce instead of ketchup I'm fine with it. I think it's pretty good actually. 

I leave the restaurant and continue my wandering reinvigorated from the iced peach tea, water, and a brief stunt in the nice cold air conditioning of the restaurant two streets over I turned the corner, and I am confronted with an entire street covered in yellow umbrellas underneath, which are various stalls in the process of setting up and walk by one and I realize it's exactly what I had been looking for a charcoal grill being lit a top which will be placed the meat skewers and kebabs that I see next to it being placed out. I wish now that I had not stopped for a chicken Katsu sandwich because this is what I was looking for if only I had held out a little longer I drop a pin on Google maps I'll come back here tomorrow, maybe 

I wander around this area take another turn and come upon Chinatown and Petaling Street another street that has become a shopping area because of overhead awnings. It is loud there are lots of people and the traditional shop owners calling out to you to try to convince you that you need to watch. I don't need a watch. I barely use the one I have. 

At the end of this giant loop that I've walked today it has somehow become 3 PM and spent a long day so I'm going to head back home. I head back towards the train station through Central market and once again see the girl with the burned hand by the coffee shop . She doesn't notice me as I walk by. I quietly wonder if anyone else would have noticed her burn her hand like I did. I contemplate swinging back to ask her if her hand is better, but decide maybe not. 

I take the trains in reverse from the morning on the way I write down my journal notes for the day in my spiral bound paper notebook. I realize I will need dinner and I'm not really feeling restaurants so I go to village grocer and buy instant noodles, I will have my noodles! Even if I couldn't find them today downtown. 

Back in the apartment I read my book until I'm hungry take a shower and then cook my noodles and fall asleep on the couch to a random YouTube show. 