## Thursday, April 9 

Yesterday at work, someone asked me if I was hungry and wanted to go to lunch and unfortunately I had had that chicken curry with bread fairly late so I wasn't hungry. Maybe tomorrow I said so today I make sure to have a very light breakfast at home in the apartment just yogurt and apple and an Earl Grey tea without sugar because I have not been able to find a small bag of sugar yet in any case, I'm looking forward to lunch today to see where they might take me. 

Lunchtime arrives and the troops gather as we all pile in to one person's car to go to lunch at a local Indian restaurant. It's one of those sort of half inside half outside places where the front and back is open there are tables and a somewhat buffet style method of getting your food. First you decide if you want rice or not and how much rice do you want after deciding that they give you your plate with your rice and then select from the multiple options from the two main areas of which are meat and non-meat elect for various curried chickens that I see in the trays, as well as something described as a chicken cutlet , but it's not a chicken cutlet that you might think of as what you might get in an Italian restaurant instead this is a mixture of greens maybe spinach I'm not sure with shredded chicken and some other things that is yes then breaded and deep-fried. This was one of my favorite things from this meal although all of the chickens were very good . Another thing we all ordered which I was told is something they usually always get was iced honey lemon drinks without sugar. 

We head back to work and with a full belly and a now fully operational laptop. I end up staying fairly late today at the office trying to get some things done. 

When I do finally head back to the apartment, I again stop at village grocer, but this time to buy some salad and vegetables because I am starting to realize I've been living on mostly carbs, bread and rice and protein mostly chicken and I probably could use some fiber 

Back in the apartment, I make my salad which very closely resembles the salads. I normally make for myself at home mixed greens two hard boiled eggs, cut into four pieces each some cheese crumble on top and then a store-bought dressing that sounded good, which was toasted sesame, and I must say definitely pretty good 

As it is tradition about an hour after I ate my salad, I was hungry again, so I dug out some of the pita crackers that I had bought along with some sliced cheddar cheese and performed what is also a common ritual for me back at home having late night, cheese, and crackers while watching TV before finally falling asleep 