## Sunday May 17

The train arrived at the Lao Cai station at 6:30, a fact that we were informed of by loud knocks on our cabin door. Waiting for us was our driver: Thuan.  
- About an hour drive to our hotel, The Azalea in Sa Pa.
- We are gratefully offered an early checkin which we use to take naps for a bit before heading up to the top floor, the 7th floor, for breakfast.
- Not as full a spread as the Shereton breakfast buffet but still just fine.  
- We buy tickets to Fansipan on the cable car, monorail, and final cable-pulled train thing that resembles a cograil train.
- The cable car launches out of the lower shed like a detachable quad at a ski resort, and the ground very quickly drops away from you and soon you are over 1000 feet in the air.  I realized very quickly that maybe I am a little bit afraid of heights.  It is very hard not to think about things like "how old is the cable?" when you are watching farm slowly go by underneath you from a height that seems like you should be in an airplane instead.
- At the top is a small "village" that is set up to show a little bit of classic culture, but also feels very touristy.  There are some dancers and we stop to watch Vietnamese bamboo stick dance
    Traditional Vietnamese folk dance performed with long bamboo poles rhythmically clapped against the ground.
    Dancers step, hop, and weave between the moving poles while trying not to get their ankles caught
- At the end of the dance they invite people up from the crowd to try it.  I decide to stay and watch, but my two travel companions go up.  They are not scardy cats like me.
- Finally we get to the "top", where there is a sign saying the same thing, "Top of Indochina. 3,143 meters high".
- For the walk down we find some "Pancake cheese treats" and nobody remembers to say "Vi Pho Mai"! What a lost opportunity!
- A few more landings down the steps there is a large Buddha
- Down more steps, and back on the cable car to go the other direction.
- Lunch at Sapa Nature View hotel. Another case of the photos lying to us.  We start off in a lower restaurant, and the menu looks a little different than the one we saw online.  After talking with the waitress for a but she said tht "yes, there is another seating area up on the roof". This must be it, we think. We follow her into an elevator, up some steps, and out onto a patio that seems to be for hotel guests to sunbathe, which is exactly what two of them are doing.
- The view is very nice, but we immediately overheat in the direct sun and go back downstairs where it was shady anyway.
- After we walk around and think maybe we'll grab a drink at Skyline Bar, but when we get there it is completely empty, so instead we continue on to the park.
- It is still hot, but there is a breeze coming off the water that makes it not unbearable.
- After we walk by "Le Gecko Cafe", an french bistro kind of place with outside seating.  We sit there for a while. have drinks, wine, french fries, and bannana desserts.
- We are also constantly harrased by pedlers.  One old lady who tried, and then came back 5 minutes later.  There was also a little boy with a smaller girl on his back.  It kind of ruins the vibe for us so we leave sooner than we would have liked.
- Kate has a good idea to google "The best hotel in town" and we'll just go to their bar.  We find "Absynth Bar" at the top of Hotel de la Coupole. The plan worked. Is was a nice quiet rooftop patio bar.  I order a "French Blonde" and we take pictures of the ever-changing clouds and how they decide which pats of the mountin tops that surround us to reveal.
- We go back to our hotel and checmk out the pool, which is in the basement floor.  It is not what we imagined.  It looks grimy, cold, and not relaxing.  So we instead go back to the room and sleep.  We are all very tired.