## Tuesday, May 19

Hanoi - again.

- Train wakeup at 5:30am. Disembark with our baggage.
- Grab to GM Premium Hotel (the one we had surepticiously scoped out the last time we were in Hanoi -- hoping to avoid another "Cockroach Incident"). We are granted an early checkin, and the staff at the front desk spend time with us going over what is in the area, places to see. Where the Beef Pho is, and where the Chicken Pho is. Very thourough.

- After settling into our room, we resist the urge to nap and instead head out into the early morning.  Cities in the morning are always nice.  Maybe not the part where you have to get up early, but it is always suck a different expereience to wht is usually the craziness of a cirt at night.  Definitly two different crowds.  Or at least two different energies.

In any case we walk to Hoan Kiam lake in the early morning light.  The lake sits at the heart of Hanoi, a peaceful green oasis surrounded by the city's constant motion. Locals gather along its shores at dawn for tai chi and exercise, while visitors stroll beneath the shade of old trees, stopping to watch the water shimmer beneath the skyline of French colonial buildings, temples, and cafés. At the center of the lake stands the small, elegant Turtle Tower, one of Hanoi's most recognizable landmarks.

More than just a scenic lake, Hoàn Kiếm is woven into the mythology of Vietnam. According to legend, Emperor Lê Lợi was given a magical sword by a divine golden turtle to help drive out foreign invaders. After victory was secured, the turtle emerged from the lake and reclaimed the sword, giving the lake its name: "Lake of the Returned Sword." Today, the lake serves as Hanoi's living room—a place where history, folklore, and everyday life come together amid the sounds of laughter, conversation, and the occasional honk of a motorbike from the streets beyond.

We see early morning Tai Chi, we walk around the whole park and see some dressed up dancers performing what I assumed was some sort of traditional dance.

- I step in dog shit. Someone, who shall remain unnamed, was walking in front of me, saw it too and didn't give me a heads-up about it! But we all decide that for one thing, we all take our shoes off when we get inside anyway (are assimilating or just natually that way?), and for another thing, the sidewalks themselves are pretty nasty, so all out shoes are probably filthy.  I step in a few puddles on purpose to try to wash it off my shoes.  The good thing about boat shoes is that the soles are mostly flat with no real tread.

- At a cafe, we try to get some ham and cheese croicents and cofffe and other drinks.  We try to use the touch screen ordering system, and when we fnally figure it out we are called over by the girl at the counter who tells us NOT to use the touch screen.  
- After telling her our order she says they are cash only, and after looking at the total we realize we do not have that kind of cash.
- We leave to find and ATM, find one, and after getting cash we are on our way back and see a giant group of locals lined up for some kind of food.  We see that it is pate and some other kind of meat.  We decide we have to try it, so we buy one.  Pointing at the sandwich ordered by the guy before us was how we indicated what we wanted.  We noticed she didn't put as much meat on ours...
- Back at the cafe, the girl at the counter remembers our order, but not that we wanted takeaway.  So we end up eating the ham and cheese croicents and drinking our drinks there.  Which was fine, it was a comfortable palace.
- Back in the room we both try the sandwich and neither of us like it.  Maybe somewhat because we are not as hingry any more, and maybe because standing over the hotel desk in the room doesn't hold the same magic as eating food right on the street.  There is also no reason to pretend inside the privacy of a hotel room, if you don't like it, don't eat it.
- Afterwards we are back out and about.  We find ourselves back at "The Orient" spa, but this time for pedicures and manicures.  For me, this is another "first" -- I've never had a pedicure or manicure before.  My feet are bathed, and since I signed up for it, out comes the mini disc grinder, and the lady goes to town on the bottom of my feet.  Every time she passes over the arches of my feet I am driven to fits of laughter.
- Dinner is at a Pho restaurant.  It has multiple Michelin signs hanging out front, and you sit wherever there is room for your party.  We sit with a canadian girl who is taking a gap year from college before going on for more advanced education.  Her hand shakes a bit as she moves the spoon and chopsticks closer to her mouth.  I wonder if it is medical or hangover related. The pho is very good, as advertised.  Small dishes of extra garlic, chilis, and  some other things are on the table.  But it is simple.  A few "Styles" to choose from, mostly how well cooked you want the meat when it arrives.  We all choose what seems to be "half cooked" on the menu.
- There are showers, naps, and unloading photos from the camera to the laptop for backup and review.
- I'm definitely missing some things from my notes for this day.  I do remember how it ended though.  Back on the rooftop bar of the GM Premium hotel, savoring the delicately-balanced flavors of exensive cocktalks, and looking out over the nighttime cityscape, realizing that this would not only be our last night in Hanoi, but our last night on this magical multi-nation vacation.  Hey, that would be a good title, woludn't it? 