## Saturday, April 6

- First full day
- Wake up before sunrise, force myself to go back to sleep
- A coupe hours later I realize the room is lighter. I poke my head up, open the curtains, to see a pink sunrise. I snap a photo and lay back down.
- As I promised myself, I bathe in the traditional style. Seated in the "special stool". It's actually quite enjoyable.  Relaxing, easier to reach your feet and toes. 
- Get to hotel breakfast right after they open.  06:30 I think it was.
- Buffet style: eggs, potatoes, oranges, pineapple (very fresh and ripe), I get seconds of everything.
    - Cheese toast arrives from the kitchen.  The hostess asked if I wanted it when I sat down.  I wasn't even sure what it was but I signed up for it.  And I'm glad I did.
- Start trying to plan a day.  It's upposed to rain later, so cherry blossoms first seems like the right move.
- I download the "Go" app for taxies.  One of those modern love/hate things about travel.  Everything has its own app, it's own payment cards and stuff.  Here is it Suica and Go.  Later, in Malaysia, it will be "Grab" and and "Touch and Go Card".
- I go back to the room for a #2 bathroom break (thank's coffee).  And in another first use the fancy Japanese bidet.  It has a control panel for type, strength, etc.  It's...unusual...at first.  But I get it.  It really makes more sense.  Like is oft-quoted on the internet comment sections when the world argues with (admit it, mostly Americans) about why not use a bidet?  "If you got shit on your hand, you wouldn't just wipe it off with a paper towel, would you?" I must admit, they've got a point.
- I head outside.  Fresh and clean. I am ordering my "Go" taxi when I see a guy with what is clearly a "level 100 hangover".  He's leaning up against the hotel stone facade wall, head in hands, clearly regretting whatever he drank or did last night.
- Go arrives, and through translation apps we confirm where I want to go.  I think maybe he was concerend because my destination was not a normal "tourist spot", certainly not one from someone leaving from the Godzilla-themed hotel in tourist central. The translation apps work.  I ask him about the cherry blossoms, and he responds that "they are all in bloom everywhere.
- We get to my destination, and after opening my door for me, he holds up a finger while typing into his app.  He finishes typing, turns his phone around for me to see, and it says "Enjoy the chrry blossoms!" I smile, and he notices. We have a "Arigato Gozaimas" competition as we say if back and forth to each other a few times, until I finally turn away with a final wave and smile.
- Walk up to the bridge over a river lines with blooming cherry trees. People are out with their dogs, getting photos of the dogs and the trees, or holding them up to get selphies together.  Tradition maybe? I don't know, but it's fun and wholesome.
- I take my own photos (minus a dog), and walk down one of the promanades along the river. I take some more photos, and am about to head to a museam that is nearby when it happens.
- "Errrrrrruuuuuuuummmmmmm" says the intestines.  No...oh no...
- I walk to the intersection, take some more photos, hoping it was a one-off.  It wasn't.  The intestines grumble again.  A hot feeling like I swallowed a baked potato whole is growing in my belly.  I feel like I need to fart, but I am very certain that it is not a gas that wants to leave my body.
- Reluctantly I order a grab back to my hotel.  It's all I cn think of to do. Most things are not open yet, and I don't even know the word for bathroom, much less if it's even socially acceptable to ask for one if you're not a customer...all that runs through my head.
- It's a long 15 minute cab ride, but I make it.  And it was not a bluff.  And the bidet was used again.
- I wait an hour or so on the bed to make sure there will not be a round two, and when it seems there will not be, I decide next I will walk to Meiji Jingu temple/shrine and park. It's about a 30 minute / 2K walk.  Nothing under normal circumstances.  Potentially very far away feeling should round two arrive. It has started raining so I bring the hotel-issued umbrella. I venture out onto the streets filled with people and start getting used to how to "dodge" umbrellas by lifint mine up, or angling it to the side.  As usual, the best way to learn and blend in it to imitate the locals until you've got it, so that's what I do.
- Get there and tour paths, temple, garden, "the well".  The temple is busy.  The garden, which requires extra payment, is not. I like the garden more.  I am, after all, very much an introvert and at most at peace in quiet oplaces like this, or out on the water.
- After, I double-back and make my way back to the hotel.  Sometimes it rains heavy, sometimes just a mist or "Spitting" we would call it back home.
- I look up and realize I am at Iseten Shinjuku, something I had pinned as a place to go.  A giant mall with many floors.  Well...seems like the a good place to be in the rain, so I head in.
- I find a store setting luggage, something I obviously need, but I am unsure if my hotel would let me (ask them to) throw away my old one here. So I do not buy the one I liked, but I bet it is much better quality than my old one.  Maybe I'll be able to find it again in Malaysia where I will have more time to do things like buy luggage.
- The mall had a basement section where, I had read, there is a lot of food places.  And somehow I forgot this and instead headed back out into the rain towars the hotel.
- I had planned on stopping at a Chicken Katsu place on the alk back.  But I had stepped in a few too may puddles and my socks and shoes were wet, so I instead decided to re-group(with myself) again back at the hotel.
- I dry off, send some texts back to the other side of the world (it is their morning now, and my evening).  I check the radar and see a clear patch is arriving.  Enough time to go back out and check that "Chicken Katsu" box. Fresh socks and a grumbling stomach I head back out.
- CoCo Chicken Katsu is the destination - another of many blue pins on my "Places to see" Google Map. Navigation works flawlessly, I arrive and am seated immediately. 
- Ordering is effortless, another touch screen.  The only hiccup was the waitress needing to show me where the spoons were - in a box on the counter.  Ok! Why not?
- The chicken katsu arrives.  Crispy, saltly, hot.  Underneath is a bad of rice, and on the side an ocean of brown beef gravy (I ordered the beef gravy upgrade, because I'm like an expert, ok?).
- Back outside on the street and I'm not quite sure what to do.  I'm having a little bit of "Analysis Paralysis".  I looks like 5PM, feels like 8PM, but it's actually only 3PM!  
- I decide to wander the streets to see what is around.  I hear what sounds like like music and discover an outdoor JPOP concert is underway.  I try to take a video but a security guard quickly shuts that idea down.  
- Sometime later, 5:30 maybe? Time still has no meaning to me, I head back to the hotel again. 
- I go to the fornt desk to ask about taxis tomorrow.  They make a reservation for me.  Well...that was easy!
-  Back in the room I try not to fall asleep. I fail and around 7:30 end up with a nap that I awake from at 9
- I leave tomorrow, so I pack, take another "sitting bath", and organize everything for tommorrow's morning departure.
- More texts and my first phone call from this side of the world back to home.
- Fill out this journal from 10:30 to 11:30.
- Fading away to sleep I notice the clothes hangers on the open rail in my room are swaying back and forth.  The wind I realize.  I can hear it now.  It was predicted and has arrived.  My eyes are unable to resist the soothing sound, and they close on their own.