## Sunday, May 10

- wake up rested.  Giant king size beds will do that
- breakfast, free with our stay.  Buffet, thai style.  Rice with an egg on top.  Fresh cut fruits, cofe lattes, chicken and peppers.
- get on the boat to go snorkeling
- raining on the way out to the snorkle spot.  Way offshore, the land disppears behind us, a new island emerges out of the mist in front of us.  The clouds part, the sun shines.  We dive in the water with masks, fins, and snorkles.  The area is roped off to be conserved, to keep anchors and other stuff from destroying the environment more than it needs to be to still allow people to experience it.

They take us to a second spot, then anchor just off a beach.  It is a jetboat pontoon, so they are able to get close enough to the beach that we can walk in.  Fine sand.  No "super fine sand" is what we find.  Swings hanging from trees, the ropes a little threadbare but this only adds to the intrigue and thrill.

- Sea urchins, sea slugs, morey eel, spiny lobster, sea anenomes with clown fish (aka Finding Nemos).

- lunch on the boat: rice, chicken, deep fried pork, sala, and a brownie.  Beers, plural.

- ride baxk to resort.  Ask and are told it is ok to go up top where they provide us with beanbag type chairs.  Photos, sleep, naps. The usual things you do when riding home on a boat after a long day on the water having fun.

pool time at the resort, a trip to the bar for more beverages.

back to the room to swim.  More coconuts are ordered.  I disciver there are beers in our fridge.  I have one, I have no idea what they will charge me for the "in the room fridge beer" but decide I don't care.

A magnificent sunset serenades us into the evening while a light rain tempts us to sleep.  But we have dinner to go to.  We are showered, changed into nice threads.

Another Buggy is ordered and delivers us to the resort's Thai-themed restaurant. Spice N' Rice wasn't trying to reinvent Thai food. It didn't need to. The kitchen leaned confidently into the flavors of southern Thailand—lemongrass, turmeric, coconut milk, chilies, and seafood pulled from nearby waters—letting the ingredients do the talking. Surrounded by jungle-covered hills and the warm evening air of Koh Lanta, each meal felt like an introduction to the island itself: spicy, fragrant, colorful, and impossible to forget.

I think I ordered a Chicken Curry, since this particular paragraph of the journal I am writing a month after the fact, I am relying on my unreliable memory a bit.

I do remember the staff becoming excited as we asked about one of the deserts on our plate.  We were asking how it was made, the waitress wasn't sure so she called over someone else, who called another.  Taking turns they were able to describe to us the particular ingredients in this dessert, and how it was made carefully in the kitchen.

Another reminder that we were at a five-star resort, staffed by enthusiastic, intelligent, and extremely capable people.