## Wednesday, May 13th

- We awake in Bangkok, early, for a ride to BKK airport where we will take a flight to Siam Reap, Cambodia.hurt.
- I eat a DayQuil pill, I am not sure if I am getting sick, but I figure it can't 
- Check in at Bangkok airays counter
- Chill out in Bangkok Airways Lounge
    - Coffee
    - Popcorn, sweet and salty kind, made fresh in one of those carinval style poppers.
    - And discover that our flight to Vietnam from Cambodia that we are supposed to be on tomorrow *night* has been rescheduled to tomorrow *morning*, i.e. not exactly going work since we planned on spending the day actually visiting Siam Reap and its temples.  This obviously will not work, so we book new tickets on VietAir to take us to Hanoi, Vietnam from Siam Reap.
- Realize that we have spent more time booking the new flight than we thought, we need to get to our gate!
- Get to gate, take more cold meds, then when we board we get on a bus outside the terminal which drives us quite a long ways to where out plane is parked, in some remote aircraft parking area I guess.
- On the plane we do the NYT crosswords puzzles, which has become somewhat of a tradition on this trip -- to see if we can solve all three (the mini, midi, and big one).
- We are also served an unexpected Japanese curry and rice meal.  When we inquire if it is free the stewardess says "Of course! You should fly Bangkok Airways more often!"
- Land in Cambodia, hit the bathrooms, go to immigration only to discover that our evisas are not all we need.  We need to get real ones, which we can buy at the other side of the room from the immigration lanes.
- Buying the visas is a strange experience, we are shuffled over to a "lane 1" where we give them their passports, and are told abruptly to "Go to lane two!" where we are told to give them our credit cards and "Go to lane 3", in lane three we get everything back, along with slips of recipt paper that are our "evisas".
- Back to the real immigrtion lane where I am told I also need my boarding pass, which I cannot find.  I don't know where it is, maybe on the plane, maybe crumpled up in some forgotten pocket.  I tell the immigration officer I don't have it, he motions for me to just give him my other stuff, which I do.  I am handed back my passport and "visa" and am on my way, now officially "in Cambodia".
- Airport car to Viroth's Villa.  Along the drive I look out the window and see some familiar signs of somewhat impoverished communities go sliding by:
    - Stray dogs with giant nipples swaying under them from having litter after litter of puppies
    - Emaciated livestock trying to eat grass that doesn't exist any more
    - Reminders that even in the US, the majority of the people do not have to endure that level of struggle.
- We pass a sign and building called "Tourismcity" - a litteral sign of where we're headed. Maybe more temples where you are asked to remove your shoes ut of respect but also encouraged to stop bythe gift shop on your way out?
- I also see rows and rows of rental mopeds and bicycles.
- It reminds me of the Michael McCloud song lyric "Just another day in this tourist town bar".
- Check in to our hotel, "Viroth's Villa"

When we pulled up to Viroth's Villa, the first thing I noticed was how quickly the noise of Siem Reap seemed to disappear. One minute we were weaving through the traffic and tuk-tuks, and the next we were walking through a small doorway that opens into a courtyard with a pool framed by palms and lush greenery. The architecture immediately stood out—not flashy or extravagant, just clean lines, warm wood, and a kind of retro Cambodian style that felt effortlessly cool.

We check in, there is a slight confusion as the shuttle driver needs to be paid $65 USD. I cannot remember exactly, but I think we were under the impression that the shuttle charge would be added to our room, and we would pay on checkout. We need to come up with $65 USD. I had USD handy, more than enough tucked away in my wallet.  And in my pocket I had some USD I had been planning on using as a tip.  I ask if I can pay in Cambodian riel, which I have a bunch of after loading up at the airport.  There seems to be hesitation, but finally they convert it.  I pay the driver the required rial, completely forgetting that I had intended on tipping as well.  One of those things that the details sometimes get lost in translation.

- Immediately head out to the shopping boutique district on Hap Guan Street. It feels like stumbling into a slightly different version of Siem Reap. Just a few blocks from the noise of Pub Street, there are leafy sidewalks, boutique shops, small art galleries, coffee houses, and carefully curated stores selling Cambodian crafts and design goods. There are also signs of unfinished "contruction projects": little piles of dirt and concrete, a small pile of bricks.  Things that bring to mind the times I have visited Caribbean islands that are also dependent on tourism and, in general, poor.  It is all part of the experience.  The pictures in Instagram will rarely show you these types of things, which is why it is important to see for youself.

There were plenty of stores on this street though: cafés tucked beneath shady trees, locally made textiles and artwork in the shop windows. It felt creative, relaxed, and just a little hidden—as though I'd accidentally wandered into the neighborhood where Siem Reap keeps its better secrets.

There were also some cats that I made sure to say hello to. Like most stray or "used to be stray" cats, they were friendly, and immediately laid down in the gravel to be pet.  When one of them was not preoccupied by my pets, they would resume what seemed to be a territory dispute between three of them.  "No, this is MY place where I sleep in front of a store!" I imagined them saying.

We also met a lady named "Jodi" who owns a clothing store on this street.  She has a seemingly never-ending list of stories to tell.  She also names me "Canadian Grandpa" because I am wearing socks with my Perry boat shoes. I tell her a short story of how I used to sail on boats, and that when on land we would wear socks with our shoes because we had just spent days not wearing socks and wanted to be comfortable.  Her opinion of me seemed to improve somewhat after that.  Maybe she liked my story, maybe she liked someone who is able to take a light joke at their own expense and brush it off, or even laugh along with it. As a storekeeper I am sure she has seen her share of people who take themselves way too seriously. One of her stories of her past even spoke of an imdividual like this.

- I buy some art, three stiff-paper prints depicting Tigers in the jungle, and a postcard.  I then head to the post office to mail it, passing many tuktuks along the way, each one with a driver calling out to me "need ride?"
- Afterwards we go to River Cafe for dinner. I order a "Burn in Hall" in an attempt to burn out my cold, but what shows up is blue and has no taste of alcohol.  Kate gets her drink, which has a chili in it.  Later we would figure out that she got my drink.
- The cold blossoms more into a full "runny nose".
- After dinner we go back to the room where I stay behind to nurse my cold while the girls go out to get spa massages. When ordering them they are asked if they want the 60 or 90 minute massage, "Get the 90!" I yell out to them.
- I shower and fall asleep to airplane videos with cold medicine coursing through my blood.