## Friday, April 10 

even roughly 9600 miles away from home Friday is still Friday in other words the last day of work the coming of the weekend the coming of fun the closing of Teams and Outlook and VS code as it happens I still end up skipping lunch and staying late again to work on some things they're getting in the way of what I would prefer to be working on in other words, corporate busy work 

Finally, though I take a Grab once again back to Tamarind Square but this time I'm looking for what I was told is the national dish something called Nasi Lemak. Google maps has told me that there are a number of places even within Tamarind Square that serve this dish which I suppose makes sense it being the national dish and all, and was also described to me as something of a comfort food made of coconut rice and fried chicken is all I was told so I'm curious what to see. We'll finally arrive on my plate. 

I choose the first restaurant I see that I know serves it - a place called Kocha Lala. even though it is "inside" Tamarind Square , as I have previously mentioned TS is a little strange so this restaurant has a small gated "outdoor patio" as well as an inside seating area I go inside and ask the first person I see for a seat and she gestures sit anywhere you would like so I choose one of the outdoor seats mostly so I can people watch at everyone walking around Tamarind Square. much like other restaurants I have been in in this restaurant you order by scanning the QR code, which brings up the online ordering system. I presume this is for a convenience for people exactly like me who cannot necessarily or even at all really speak the language and for the waitresses as well who are probably tired of trying to explain to people like me what things mean what they are and what they're made of   . 

Even though I already know what I want to order I still scan the menu. I was also given a paper menu, which gives me the chance to try out Google Translate camera feature, which tells me that many of these things on the menu are fish and fish is definitely not on my menu for whatever reason it's not something I have ever liked very much so when traveling in foreign countries, I need to make sure that I don't accidentally order it and having Google Translate available certainly has made that easier 

We're trying to check out on the online ordering system. It asks for my phone number and not in an optional way and unfortunately there is no space or selection for the United States country code so I walk inside and ask the hostess what I should do she replies simply you can pay now if you want so I show her my phone which has the things I want to order on it. She keeps it into the point of sales system. I pay with Apple Pay and I'm on my way back to my seat. 

The food arrives and it is very attractively plated with a perfectly domed pile of rice surrounded by fried chicken, a small salad and some sort of sauce that I'm not sure what it is. I taste the sauce with my fork and I can tell it's a little fishy, but I think once mixed in with the rice and the chicken , I won't mind it. It may even be good and it was the next week at work. I will ask what that sauce was and will be informed. It was probably various fish paste and things like fish sauce mixed together with some other things so apparently my taste buds still work and I can identify fish flavors pretty easily even though in this case at least I was able to ignore it sometimes eating in foreign countries does that you decide OK whatever I'm just gonna eat this 

With a full belly, I head back to my apartment. There is a late night call. I need to join at 10 PM and actually I was supposed to join it every day this week since Tuesday, but I kept falling asleep and then waking up long after the meeting had ended one of the complications of global business being done between time zones that are 13 hours apart is that someone is always on the meeting who would really rather not be in unfortunately it's usually the people in the Malaysia time zone that are on the unfortunate end of that deal. 

oh, also, I've had a headache almost every day and I haven't been able to figure out why yet 