## Friday, April 5

The light come up, the shades go up.  There is water down there.  It looks like any other ocean view from 30,000 feet, but I know it's not.  This is JAPAN ocean!

I chose to fly into Narita intentionally so that I could take a train into Tokyo.  I'd heard that it was a great small train ride.

- make my way to the train, towing my broken roller bag behind me.  Oh, did I mention my carry-on suitcase two front wheels decided to self-destruct back in the Austin airport?  Trying to pull it "the normal way" now only results in an annoying THUMP THUMP as the broken wheel treads try to do their thing.  Imagine the audacity of my trusty carry on choosing this moment to exit the world, on the dawn of a two month trip!

- I find the signs pointing to the trains.  They are also in English after all, what a privildge we Americans entertain to be catered to in so many countries!

- I get lost, and backtrack to the trust "informtion booth", where a Japanese man explains in perfect English that I need to go to the office with the big "JR" (Japan Rail) sign over it.

- Go there, talk to another very nice, polite woman (staring to see a theme here), who sells me a ticket on the next NRT Express, a nearly-direct train that goes to Shinjuku station -- my next stop.

- train, as expected, arrives on time. Who was it that said "keep the trains running on time?" Someone said that once, and it's true.

- train is also very clean, and quiet.  
- I spend the time looking out the window, through the haze of jetlag and general travel tiredness, but magnified by those many thousands of miles I just travelled.

I am deposited into Shinjuku station with my broken rollerbag complaining, and my Google Maps GPS loaded.  Only 1.5k to the hotel.  This will be a snap! 

The GPS is being weird.  I am walking one way, but the "magic blue arrow" points 90 degrees to the right!  I feel like a pilot on the "air crash investigations" videos that I watch.  Trust your instruments! I'm trying to...but something is clearly wrong here.  

I decide to figure that part out later, for now I'll just watch which way it moves on the map to figure out which way I'm going.  But it is an...unfortunate...complication to someone like me trying to navigate this new city.  

- Tokyo unfolds un front of me with masses of people, "Company Men" in identical black and white suits like something out of the Matrix.

- It's also Friday for them, and 4PM.  Time to party I presume.

- Even though I've figured out how to get my rollerbag to run on its remaining two good wheels, I sometimes carry it by the handle because the noise it makes I find annoying and I assume the Japanese people around me do as well.  Even though the city is loud, and I do see other people doing the same thing.  There's that voice in the back of my head going "Be a good ambasador".  But then again, I do this in normal life as it is, I will always make the assumption that I am somehow probably the one in the wrong, the one annoying other people, when in reality I am probably not on their radar at all.

- After staircases, street crossings, a tunnel I think, maybe a climb up an ice wall?  I can't remember.  I finally find the Hotel Gracery, the one with a big Godzilla on top.  That's me.  My home for the next two nights.

- Check in, get key, get escorted to correct elevator by charming front desk woman who smiles, hands me my key card with both hands.

- I mangle my first of many attempts to say "Arigato Gozaimas", but she seems to appreciate it.  I'm sure she has heard worse, or even non-existant attempts to say that by clueless Americans like me who show up with zero local language skills. Like the mid-western lady ordering "kay suh dill uhs" in a mexian restaurant.