## Tuesday, April 21 

Apart from work, the main feature of today the grand champion the star the thing that has been waiting in the wings just waiting for me to enter the ring with it is the Burger King whopper 

My coworkers have asked me I think all individually whether or not I have tried Burger King yet or not or fast food in general. They are very curious as to what my reaction will be and what the differences are between Malaysia and the United States versions of Burger King. One thing they told me to expect is that that french fries will not come with ketchup, but instead some sort of chili, but perhaps also tomato based spicy and maybe sweet sauce. I'm definitely curious to try this. 

The Burger King, which is in tamarind Square much like a lot of the other food I've tried is right next to the Korean restaurant that I ate at last night. standing in the doorway is the host who is so enthusiastically welcomed to me into his restaurant yesterday and now I'm feeling a little guilty that he might see me walking to Burger King . One of those things that you worry about. You wonder if they're looking at the American going "oh , I bet he can't take the spicy food. I bet he's unwilling to try new and unusual things to eat that he hasn't seen before". But I'm sure in reality the host does not care. Maybe he's even planning on going to Burger King after his shift that is one thing that my coworkers have also told me which is the fast food in general is expensive and is regarded as a treat something to be had only occasionally . 

I order my whopper via a touchscreen in the lobby of the restaurant. You were asked to select the individual components that you want. I forgot at Burger King. You have it your way so I pick what I remember as the traditional whopper with obviously a beef patty, cheese, lettuce, tomato mayonnaise, ketchup. I don't select mustard even though it was an option because I don't remember that being on a whopper it's been a long time. 

when my tray arrives, it looks like I would expect the french fries are the somewhat larger kind not quite steak fries but larger than shoe strings but bit into one I feel like I can tell. They have the flavor and texture of frozen french fries that you buy in the store and make yourself at home in the oven instead of having been deep-fried and delicious deep fry oil. Another thing that is "Just Like the Burger King At Home".  They cannot seem to get their fries up to par.

Missing was chili dipping sauce!  I have been denied! Tomorrow, I will ask a cowoker about this and she will say "Oh, you probably have to ask for it." Well then, maybe I will have to make another trip to Burger King to find this mysterious and elusive dipping sauce.

The burger itself seems about like I remember I was hoping it was going to be something different something astounding. It may be more like the hipster burger joints that are now popping up or maybe even could be described as litter the United States but it's a whopper and I must admit it did taste good . Maybe there is a little bit of that American foid pallet traveling with me. 