## Thursday, May 7

Date night tonight takes us to Sub Gearbox Utara Putrajaya.

The specialty at Sup GearBox Utara is a bowl of rich beef-bone soup built around a massive marrow-filled leg joint known as a "gearbox." Slow-simmered for hours with spices, herbs, and aromatics, the broth emerges deep, savory, and slightly peppery, while the tender meat clings to the bone and the soft marrow can be scooped out like nature's butter. Served with lime, chilies, and fresh herbs, it's a gloriously messy meal—part soup, part treasure hunt—where every spoonful seems to reveal another layer of beefy richness.

Ordering does not go as smooth as I think either of us hoped.  It was all done in Malay so I obviously didn't understand anything either person said.  After some back and forth we sit and our two bowls arrive.  The source if the confusion becomes apparent.  I had asked for noodles with my beef soup but this instead came with rice.  I had been hinting lately that I was getting tired of rice, which was why we ordered noodles.  She asked and offered to go get me noodles instead, but I decided it was fine the way it was.  And besides, I was hungry and this looked prety good.

I think the beef that I got in my soup maybe had not been cooked quite long enough.  What I had anticipated was going to be "fall off the bone" (as advertised) was in parts fairly tough.  A few pieces were cooked well and were very tender, and those were good.  So if it had all been like that then this would have been an A+ dinner.  It was still very good though, let's say a solid B.

After the meal I am given the job of going to pay for our drinks, which for some reason came from and were paid for at a different place.  When I arrived the man at the counter said "lapan" (the Malay word for 8).  We both stared at each other for a while until he realized that I clearly am an idiot and cannot even count to ten in the local language.

He instead starts counting on his fingers, "one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight!"  Aha!  I pass him a ten Ringgit bill and he hands me two in change.  

On our way out we also order some to go for my two cousins who will be arriving tonight.  There is some additional confusion as we order just broth and noodles.  No meat.  They do not (or perhaps pretend not to) understand, and give us meat anyway.  Oh well.

Later on that night, back in My AirBnb my two cousin's text that they are in the airport! Yay! And they are confused how this whole grab thing works.  Oh no!  They then send another text, that they were able to order a Grab and they are in it, but that they entered "pay with cash" and do I perhaps have any?

They finally arrive, and we all go back up the the AirBnb where I warm up the beef and noodles for them (I leave out the beef).  It is already late but we decide to power through and finish all of our eVisas for the rest of the trip tonight.  It is getting towards one in the morning when we finally finish.  Very late for the two locals, maybe not so much for the new comers.